Arc 8 - Arc 8 – Vincent Vollachia
============================================================


--- Chapter 1: Change of Victory Conditions ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The battle between the Imperial Forces and the rebels that had begun with the Imperial Capital of the Vollachian Empire, Lupugana, as the battlefield, had entered its final phase, scattering the seeds of chaos throughout the country.

The death of “Vincent Vollachia”, who had been killed by a bullet of light in front of the throne within the Crystal Palace, at the innermost part of the Imperial Capital, seemed to be similar. The Nine Divine Generals, ordered to guard the city walls protecting the Imperial Capital, had abandoned their duties, and the sudden arrival of unknown fighters in the battlefield, in addition to the mysterious group from the west that had opened a massive hole in the front line, most certainly had contributed to the chaos scattered throughout the city. There was no doubt that these too were seeds of chaos.

However, currently, the location of the seed that had grown the most in this situation of war was――,

Vincent: [――Abide by me! The situation is no longer remotely close to that of conflict between the Imperial Army and the insurgents! The intervention of a third party has changed the conditions of victory!]

Standing upon a pile of debris, a man raised his voice on an impromptu stage.

He was a handsome man, with sharp black eyes, tinged with a heated intellect, dried blood clinging to his black hair, and a voice that carried well even on a roaring battlefield.

In a battlefield dominated by violence―― no, in the Vollachian Empire dominated by violence, one might only wonder what could possibly attract people to the impotent figure of this man.

No one ridiculed the man, even if they wished to. They just turned their attention and listened.

The blood flowing through their veins as people of the Empire, their way of being that had been defined by none other than this man himself, would not allow them to turn their ears away from the voice that was raised on an unshapely pedestal.

――Would not allow them to turn their ears away from the one exclaiming from his throne atop the rubble, Vincent Vollachia himself.

Everyone: [――――]

Vincent’s loud declaration had been heard by a distinguished lineup of people.

Lined up were Goz Ralfon and Olbart Dunkelkenn, both members of the Nine Divine Generals, as well as Berstetz Fondalfon, the Imperial Prime Minister, and even Ubilk the Stargazer, who had been allowed entry into the Imperial Palace with the special role he held.

Considering the faction each one of the attendees had been on during the conflict just before, it was more than possible to say that being face-to-face with them, at a distance such as to make him defenseless, was rather deadly.

However――,

Vincent: [Moguro Hagane is suppressing him, but the one they are facing in the sky above is Balleroy Temeglyph, who is supposed to be dead. Somehow, he has risen with his own beloved dragon.]

Berstetz: [I have a message for you on this matter. ――I encountered Her Excellency Lamia Godwin in the audience chamber. I believe it is the same person as she was back then.]

Goz: [Why you! That report should be raised by me! Your Excellency! It was not only Lamia who was present, but also other members of the Imperial Family who perished in the Imperial Selection Ceremony!]

To Vincent’s words, Berstetz and Goz responded.

Goz, who had remained unchangeably loyal to Vincent, despite his disappearance, was still vexed by Berstetz’s switch.

Nevertheless, since Berstetz’s original concern was the prosperity of the Vollachian Empire, the old man’s attitude could be described as natural when it came to a situation where the very existence of the Empire was at stake.

Once these ramblings had been dismissed as trivial, Vincent’s concerns were narrowed down.

Vincent: [Ubilk, you had some advance knowledge of the cause of the Great Disaster. That being the case, do Balleroy Temeglyph, Lamia, and the other Imperial family members reviving constitute the Great Disaster?]

Ubilk: [Regarding that matter, I can say “yes” and “no” to that, Your Excellency. The whispers told me that Vincent Vollachia’s death would be the trigger for the Great Disaster, and I plotted aaall~ kinds of schemes to prevent the downfall of the Empire…]

Vincent: [You were not aware of the details?]

Ubilk nodded with a carefree look on his face and answered, “Yeees~, that’s right”.

The answer had been somewhat expected, but the certainty gained was beneficial to Vincent. Ubilk and his fellow Stargazers were in opposition to the Great Disaster, which was evident in the fact that they had saved Vincent from a fall.

Vincent: [If that is the case, in the current situation, your presence is currently outside of our consideration. Maneuver only not to die.]

Goz: [Your Excellency! Please leave this situation to me, and put your own safety first! I, Goz Ralfon, will do everything in my power to redeem myself for my absence――]

Vincent: [――Silence.]

Goz: [――Hk!]

Glancing at a heated Goz, Vincent, with a single word, crushed his momentum.

Goz wanted a chance to prove his loyalty to the Emperor and redeem himself for being late at a crucial time, but having allowed Vincent to escape from Chisha’s rebellion in the first place meant his performance had been sufficient.

Had Goz not put up a tough fight, Vincent would have been captured by Chisha, and it was highly possible that even preparing the current situation in the Imperial Capital would not have been possible―― Indeed, the current situation had been prepared.

Vincent: [――――]

Vincent placed a hand on his chin and drew a mental map of the Imperial Capital, piecing together the situation.

Although the loss of blood and the exhaustion of his body were affecting his ability to think, fortunately, the pain in his collarbone from being struck by Chisha in the throne room was jolting his consciousness. His determination, too, remained at its peak.

He did not think that even this pain was part of Chisha’s plan, but――,

Cecilus: [Um, sorry to interrupt while everyone’s chattering, but I have a role to enchant the world in my own way. Is it okay if I excuse myself?]

Goz: [Wha!? General First-Class Cecilus!? What are you talking about!?]

Cecilus: [Well, I do hear about this General First-Class person from time-to-time, but I’m not really interested, so it doesn’t really stick in my mind. Maybe you’ve mistaken me for someone else? It would be quite a pity for this General First-Class person to get compared to me in that case!]

In this situation, it was not just Vincent’s mind that was whirring and spinning around.

Moreover, within a radius of several tens of meters―― which was a mere single step for Moguro’s huge body, the battle against the duo of the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia and Balleroy continued.

Water flowed out from the shattered reservoir, which could be seen to have been broken from a distance; it was only a matter of time before waves surged into the entire Imperial Capital. In addition, Cecilus, who had been making a fuss, had become tiny.

Although Goz, Berstetz, and even Olbart’s attitudes on display were that of waiting attitude for Vincent’s decision, only this young thunderbolt did not fit into his plan.

Not only his appearance, but also the contents of his mind seemed to be biased towards immaturity, so Cecilus did not have a trusting look in his eyes towards Vincent’s declaration.

Cecilus: [That was quite a splendid speech earlier! I’m sure it’s a fact that you’re the Vollachian Emperor, but unfortunately, I don’t bow down to others just because they’re an Emperor. If you want to change the path I take, you’ll have to prepare a hanamichi for me!] [1]

Vincent: [――. Just like Natsuki Subaru did, is that so?]

Cecilus: [――? Unfortunately, I don’t know who that is. The name sounds similar to the name of someone I know, but I can’t quite recall. I feel like I talked about this earlier with a beautiful woman.]

While twisting his neck and fidgeting his short legs, Cecilus answered .

He was not sure who the “beautiful woman” Cecilus was worried about was, but once the young Cecilus entered the battle for the Imperial Capital, Vincent had been convinced.

Convinced that Natsuki Subaru was the one who led the unexpected group that ravaged the battlefield from the west, and that he was also the one who had brought Cecilus with him.

And then――,

Vincent: [It is not restricted to the current situation. It is nothing new that you do not follow mine orders. Feel free to run around as you like.]

Cecilus: [Oh, you are very understanding. However, I have no intention of obediently following someone’s orders regardless of what I’m told anyways. So, I’ll take my leave here if you don’t mind.]

Vincent: [Cecilus.]

Cecilus waved his hand at Vincent, who had decided to let him do as he pleased, and was about to dart away. When his name was called from behind, the young lightning turned around with a “Yes?”.

Vincent’s gaze met Cecilus’s eyes, which still carried the same difficulty in handling as when they had first met.

Vincent: [As per our former agreement, I shall prepare the stage for your grand moment.]

Cecilus: [――Aha.]

Cecilus left with a small laugh after Vincent’s short declaration.

The speed of his lightning-fast movements, not even leaving a trace, with him still in his unfinished state, was why the title of Vollachia’s strongest belonged to that man, and why that title was unshakeable.

In any case――,

Berstetz: [Your Excellency, is everything all right? As for General First-Class Cecilus…]

Vincent: [I do not have time to waste on trivial matters. Very much like you and Ubilk were treated. More importantly…]

The handling of the disappeared Cecilus was less urgent than addressing the current problem at hand.

Vincent faced Berstetz’s narrow eyes and spoke in a voice that could be heard by Goz, Olbart, and the others behind him.

What he said was――,

Vincent: [――We shall abandon the Imperial Capital. We shall retreat while maintaining as much of our military strength as possible.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Riding atop a red Galewind Horse, the group rode through the Imperial Capital in a whirlwind of confusion and chaos.

The flag bearers were the familiar faces of Natsuki Subaru, flanked by the cavalryman Idra Missanga and the powerful young girl Tanza, with whom the Pleiades Battalion’s breakthrough ability remained strong.

Subaru: [Plus, now we add the two leading stars there, Beatrice and Louis, and we’re the ones with the momentum!]

In front, Idra was holding the reins and at his back, held in Subaru’s short arms as if being sandwiched, was Beatrice, then Louis who was nestled on Subaru’s back.

Unexpectedly, the four children were led by the adult Idra but――,

Beatrice: [――Minya!]

Louis: [Uau!]

Tanza: [I beg your pardon.]

Beatrice’s hand held up as she fired purple arrows, Louis’s unrestricted attacks as she teleported through space, and Tanza’s fists as she effortlessly reaped through the ones blocking their path.

After jumping over the destroyed city walls into the Imperial Capital, Subaru and company were aiming for the Crystal Palace, which could be seen in the distance―― a gleaming castle where the fake Emperor presided.

The fake Emperor that was in that castle, the one who impersonated Vincent Vollachia.

If they could be defeated, it would put an end to this great civil war in the Vollachian Empire, in which Subaru was inevitably embroiled.

So believing this, he plunged in, ready to go wild and wreak havoc.

Idra: [Schwartz! These guys are springing up no matter where we go through! What is this?]

Idra’s voice, though not quite a scream, was throaty with a deep-seated fear.

Perhaps his consternation was felt through the reins in his hands as the gait of the Galewind Horse began to falter, but it would be unreasonable to expect him to just endure it or forget about it.

Anyhow――,

Subaru: [What’s really going on with these pasty-faced guys?!]

They knew that once they rode into the Imperial Capital, they would naturally be met with determined resistance from the Imperial Soldiers.

However, it was only during the initial stages that Subaru and company actually encountered Imperial Soldiers in the Imperial Capital. From then on, Subaru and the others were confronted by strange-looking beings, all of them with pale faces.

Those with pale faces and golden eyes, with glass-like cracks all over their bodies, obstructed Subaru and the others with a cold, heartless demeanor.

――No, they were not standing in the way of only Subaru and company.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama, those ones, they are also attacking the Imperial Soldiers.]

Tanza kicked a group of pale faces and slammed them against a wall, throwing out a report as such.

As she said, what was unfolding at the edge of her vision was the presence of the “enemy” who was not attacking Subaru and company, but rather the Imperial Soldiers who were guarding the city.

Of course, these “enemies” did not care about Subaru’s feelings, unlike the Pleiades Battalion. They were relentless in their attempts to take the lives of Imperial Soldiers using the weapons they wielded.

That was why――,

Subaru: [――Tanza! If you please!]

Tanza: [I understand.]

Hearing Subaru’s unreasonable request, Tanza accelerated as she kicked the ground.

She charged like a speeding ball into the ranks of the enemy―― the Imperial Soldiers, and caught up with those who were about to take their lives, cleaving them in the back with her thick-soled shoes.

???: [――Hk!]

A short cry of pain could be heard, and the kicked “enemy” crashed into the buildings on both sides.

Tanza glanced at the destroyed buildings, the Imperial Guardsmen whose lives had been spared beyond the thick plume of smoke, and then said, “Go ahead,” as she let them off.

Fortunately, the soldiers who were saved chose to leave the area instead of attempting to target Tanza’s back.

Subaru: [That is helpful… but what about these guys?]

Tanza’s efforts were averting unwanted deaths; however, Subaru suffered the brunt of her blow and was left gasping at the devastation caused by the “enemy” that crashed into the buildings and shattered them.

The reason why the “enemy” did not get up was partly that Tanza’s kicks were so powerful, but more importantly, because they were in no condition to get back up.

The body of the “enemy” was shattered and in pieces. However, their body was not a grotesque corpse, but rather had been shattered as if they had dropped a china cup on the floor.

There was no blood, either. As if there was no blood in their bodies.

Subaru: [How do they work? Is it like a puppet or maybe a robot …?]

Beatrice: [――It can’t be, the Sacrament of the Immortal King, in fact?]

Subaru: [――! Do you have an idea, Beatrice!?]

Subaru did not miss the words spun by Beatrice’s cute cherry-like lips, who was resting her body on Subaru’s chest, completely trusting him.

Beatrice lowered her head in response to Subaru’s reaction,

Beatrice: [A kind of magic that, upon death, returns the soul to the body from which it has left… a forbidden technique, I suppose. It was originally researched by Mother, but it was supposedly left incomplete.]

Subaru: [A forbidden technique for raising the dead, so like the type of magic of a necromancer , then? There’s a part of my head that’s still a little fuzzy, but man, your Mother is a good-for-nothing!]

Beatrice: [This is not the first time that Subaru has spoken ill of Mother, in fact. But, Betty will get upset if you keep saying it, so be careful, I suppose.]

At Beatrice’s suggestion, with her eyebrows raised, Subaru stuck out his tongue and closed one eye in reflection.

However, the opinion of the cute Beatrice was not to be dismissed. What if necromancy, with a name like the Sacrament of the Immortal King, was what was creating these enemies?

Subaru: [You mean there’s someone like a necromancer in the Nine Divine Generals of the Empire?] [2]

Beatrice: […If that’s the case, then Abel is out of line for not having talked about such things beforehand, in fact. Plus, it would mean that we wouldn’t be able to distinguish between friend and foe, I suppose.]

Subaru: [I guess that’s also possible in an Empire with buggy ethics, but… wait! You know who Abel is!?]

Beatrice: […Betty knows, in fact.]

Hearing this unexpected name from Beatrice’s mouth caused Subaru’s eyes to widen. At Subaru’s surprise, Beatrice affirmed it with a bitter look on her face.

Beatrice’s contact with Abel, and that it was not just another person with the same name, was clearly conveyed in her bitter face.

Because Abel was essentially incompatible with everyone, the obvious explanation would be that he was incompatible with Beatrice as well.

Subaru’s stomach churned just thinking about what kind of irreverent attitude Abel had subjected Beatrice to but――,

Subaru: [――Of course that guy is here.]

It was inconceivable that Abel would not be in the middle of the siege in this great battle. But, since he did not know the specifics of the composition of the rebel forces, he felt a different emotion when told clearly that this was the case.

If Abel was here, then Subaru’s antics would need to be given some extra thought.

Subaru: [Then, should I leave the zombie fighting to them over there rather than me? Or would it be better if it was me with the cute and zombie -savvy Beatrice running in to deal with the… OUCHOUCHOUCH! What!?]

Beatrice: [Hmm, I suppose. Subaru’s face was a bit annoying, in fact.]

Subaru: [Why! This look in my eyes between charming and cheeky is from birth you know!?]

Beatrice: [It was annoying how strangely relieved you looked when you heard Abel’s name, I suppose.]

Subaru’s mouth curved into a pout as Beatrice pinched his thigh along with an irrational accusation.

Although it was hard to say by exactly how much, Beatrice’s judgment of Subaru might have become stricter in the period of time that they had been separated.

Certainly, he recognized Abel’s excellence in terms of ability. But, under the circumstances of this large-scale conflict, he was not taking any comfort in hearing Abel’s name.

By any measure, meeting Beatrice was a more joyous occasion than meeting Abel.

Subaru: [You’re my number one, Beatrice, don’t misunderstand.]

Beatrice: [Then prove it going forward, in fact.]

Subaru: [Oh, absolutely!]

In response to Beatrice’s benevolent judgment, Subaru tapped Idra on the shoulder and made the Galewind Horse stop at once.

There were no signs of enemies or civilians in the surrounding area, but he wanted to decide on a course of action for the future.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama, if you are done flirting, what would you propose we do?]

Subaru: [You’re acting so thorny! I wasn’t flirting… but Beatrice! Does that zombie magic stop when the user is defeated?]

Stung in the side by Tanza’s blank expression, Subaru sought Beatrice’s informed opinion; Beatrice, when asked, fiddled with her vertically rolled hair with her fingers, and the two of them, with the same expression on their faces,

Beatrice: [The types of magic that interfere with the bodies of others are predominantly Yin Magic and Yang Magic, I suppose. With either of these attributes, generally speaking, when the caster dies, the effects of the magic are cut off, in fact. So likewise, it would be nice to think that this is the case, I suppose.]

Tanza: [That phrasing has some wishful thinking mingled within. Is it not certain?]

Beatrice: [Even Betty has never seen the Sacrament of the Immortal King realized, in fact! One cannot be so childishly irresponsible as to make a haphazard judgment on the basis of speculation, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Calm down, calm down! So, you don’t have any idea of the area of effect or where the magic is being used from?]

Beatrice: […It’s regrettable, but it’s dependent on the user, in fact.]

Beatrice looked at Tanza in frustration as she replied, as if thinking that Tanza might be dismissive of her again. However, Tanza did not criticize Beatrice for admitting her inadequacy.

In that regard, Tanza did not demean even those with whom she did not have the best chemistry.

Subaru: [There’s no time for squabbling; besides, Beatrice, what you said helps. Thanks.]

Beatrice: [It was not a very praise-worthy response, I suppose.]

Beatrice’s cheeks puffed out as he patted her head while thanking her. It was tempting to poke her swollen cheeks with his fingers, but he also felt he was put in a difficult position.

Given the circumstances, this zombie attack was clearly an unusual situation.

Since the Imperial Soldiers were being attacked, it was certainly possible that there was a necromancer in the rebel army and that the unscrupulous and coldhearted Abel might have resorted to inhumane tactics; however, something was off about the implementation and how the zombies had appeared out of nowhere.

These zombies clearly gave off the impression that they did not invade the city from the outside, but rather that they had been created from within the city and were rampaging around.

If this was Abel’s strategy, the best course of action would have been to start a war of attrition from the beginning. It might have even been plausible that there were some military techniques being used that Subaru was unaware of.

Subaru: [As expected, if they start using zombies , I’ll have to think about how to deal with them.]

Moreover, although it was ultimately a vague impression, he felt that Abel would not use the actual “Dead” for military purposes despite resorting to “Death” for political purposes.

He suspected that Abel’s view of life and death, or the general Vollachian one for that matter, would not allow for that.

Therefore――,

Subaru: [The existence of this zombie Meister should be considered irregular . If the war doesn’t end when we beat up the fake Emperor in the castle, then…]

Idra: [What now, Schwartz? We’ll follow your lead.]

Subaru: [Idra…]

Subaru put his hand to his chin as Idra turned only his head to him to utter these words of trust.

That was not a sign of him tossing the responsibility to Subaru, but rather a reaffirmation of his willingness to risk his life together with Subaru in a situation that might lead them to death once again.

Subaru achieved this position by his own will.

He absolutely had to fulfill that responsibility. And thanks to Idra and the members of the Pleiades Battalion, Subaru could reach out his hand even further than before.

Subaru: [I’m not entirely sure what to do in this situation, but after all… OWOWOWOW! OW, OW!]

Beatrice: [Subaru!] Tanza: [Schwartz-sama!]

Subaru nodded at the realization of his responsibility, but screamed in pain from Beatrice pinching his thigh and from another pain, to which Beatrice and Tanza widened their eyes at him.

This time Subaru felt pain because his hair was being pulled.

And the one responsible was not Beatrice or Tanza, much less Idra, but――,

Subaru: [What the hell, Louis! Don’t pull my hair! It’s a vital defense strategy to take care of it from a young age so that I won’t suffer from baldness when I get older…]

Louis: [Uuau! Uu! Au! Auuu~!]

Subaru: [What?]

Louis desperately pleaded something to Subaru, who was protecting his pulled scalp.

She patted Subaru on the back, then pointed to the north side of the Imperial Capital―― the direction where the Crystal Palace was located, but slightly off the beaten path, and continuously urged him.

Head there , he knew that was what she was saying.

Subaru: [Is there something over there?]

Louis: [Au!]

Subaru’s question was answered by Louis in a high-pitched voice.

It also needs to be stated that Louis seemed to be quite emotionally stable now that she managed to meet up with Subaru. Subaru himself was also genuinely relieved at her safety, despite their complicated relationship.

On top of that, if there was something that Louis was calling for so desperately, then that would be――,

Subaru: [――Beatrice, let me ask you one thing. Is everyone still together?]

Beatrice: […Everyone, is not, in fact.]

In response to Subaru’s quiet question, Beatrice avoided making a clear statement.

However, it was clear that Beatrice was not being evasive for the sake of putting on airs, but rather to spare Subaru from the shock. Understanding this, Subaru also realized why she had been ambiguous.

So――,

Subaru: [Tanza, Idra! Also, Beatrice and Louis, change of plans!]

Concluding on what needed to be done, Subaru called to the members around him from the Galewind Horse.

Most likely, the battle centered around the Imperial Capital would not calm down, but rather intensify further. With the zombies and their Meister being unknown entities, preparations were in order.

Of course, he could put together such a theory, but――,

Subaru: [First, we’re going to where Louis is pointing at! Let me pick up something important there!]

Beatrice: [If it’s Louis then… She will be there, I suppose.]

Subaru’s decision gave Beatrice a sense of the destination that Louis was indicating.

Nodding at Beatrice’s words, Subaru turned to Tanza and Idra, who were also looking at him, and continued.

That was――,

Subaru: [――Pick up Rem and flee the Imperial Capital with as many people as you can! We’re racing against the clock!]

Thus, he mysteriously made a decision in the same direction as the man who was not present at this moment.

Translation Note:

[1] – Here Cecilus says Vincent would need to prepare a hanamichi (花道) for him, which in Kabuki theater, is an elevated walkway that goes through the audience and to the stage for actors to make dramatic entrances and exits. Cecilus essentially is asking Vincent to prepare a path to get to the grand stage. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanamichi

[2] – In this chapter, Subaru uses both the Japanese word for Necromancer (死霊術師), and the English word (ネクロマンサー).

--- Chapter 2: Grudges ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Beatrice was at a loss as to how to handle the little girl known as Louis.

When the Magic Crystal Cannon fired from the Crystal Palace, their relationship allowed them to cooperate in sending it to another space.

Without Louis’s mysterious teleportation ability, it would not have been possible to reach that place. Had they not arrived, many deaths would have occurred on the battlefield, starting with Zikr’s.

This single act alone could not have dispelled the responsibility of Louis being the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony.

And yet――,

Louis: [Aau!]

Beatrice: [Betty can trust that you have no animosity towards Subaru and the others, I suppose.]

Sitting awkwardly on the shaking saddle, although only the size of children, three people aside from the primary rider rode the running red Galewind Horse.

On the back of the Galewind Horse, Beatrice and Louis sat with Subaru between them; unlike Beatrice, who was held in Subaru’s arms, Louis dexterously stood up on the horse behind him, tapping Subaru’s shoulder and pointing in one direction.

――From Beatrice’s point of view, the situation in the Imperial Capital of Lupugana was a crucible of chaos.

Beginning with the clash between the regular army and the rebels, flying dragons that were being commanded and flying dragons that were not fought each other for the sky, a world of white and red trespassed on the normal one, a giant and a Dragon rampaged, and finally, the dead rose one after another, to ravage the city from the inside out.

Being inclined to isolate herself, not giving support to anyone, there were few occasions in which Beatrice had directly intervened, but this world’s insane and inconsistent way of being reminded her of the chaotic times of four-hundred years ago――.

Beatrice: [――Witches.]

Thinking back to those bygone days, Beatrice naturally uttered that word.

If there could have been one thing that symbolized that era of-four hundred years ago, it was unmistakably the Witches.

Echidna, Beatrice’s creator, and the one whom she adored as her mother, was also one of those who were labeled as Witches.

Other than that, that era in which there were several Witches bearing the deadly sins; that era when everyone was struggling to survive, was a dark period that was like a child’s nightmare come true.

The current situation in the Imperial Capital was a return of the same thing. ――She wondered what could have triggered it, and her heart skipped a beat.

While Beatrice held those frustrations in her heart――,

Subaru: [――Hang in there, Rem!]

Immediately behind her, she heard Subaru’s panting, yet determined, voice.

Louis, voice sounding like a growl, and Subaru, hurrying the galloping horse in the direction she pointed, had no doubt that there was the waiting girl he was searching for.

As Beatrice thought of the results of the time that Subaru had spent with Louis, separated from her, her chest became a hazy mess, but she understood that there was trust between them.

Beatrice, too, had no doubt that Rem was there, in the direction to which Louis was pointing.

Looking back, Louis had spent a large amount of mana to extinguish the Magic Crystal Cannon and went straight to Subaru to try to save the disappearing Beatrice. She had the power to locate those she was looking for.

Whether that could be anyone, or only someone she knew, was unclear.

Subaru: [A huge mansion!]

Idra: [What do we do, Schwartz!? The walls are high! Do we go around to the front…?]

Subaru: [No, that would be a waste of time! Tanza!]

The exchange took place as they crossed a number of streets ahead of them and approached their intended building.

It was a mansion that took up an imposingly large plot of land in the northern part of the Imperial Capital, and its surroundings indicated that it was the residence of a person of high rank.

Naturally, the walls surrounding the mansion were high to ensure adequate security.

But――,

Tanza: [I do not want to give you the wrong impression.]

Saying that, the deergirl, her voice as emotionless as her face, kicked the ground with the slightest hint of disapproval in her features and mutterings.

Tanza, the young girl plunging straight into the wall in front of her, continued.

Tanza: [I am not Schwartz-sama’s tool for breaking down walls.]

Right after her declaration, Tanza’s thick-soled shoes struck the mansion’s wall, which was likely imbued with the Divine Protection of Earth attributes. This impact caused the wall, which should have enhanced the mansion’s defenses, to cave in, be penetrated, and ultimately collapse.

Accompanied by a booming sound and a gust of wind, the small silhouette of a girl emerged from beyond the wall. As if diving headfirst into the billowing smoke, the Galewind Horse carrying Beatrice and the others leaped onto the property.

And then――,

Louis: [Uau!]

Beatrice: [――Subaru, over there, in fact!]

Within the spacious mansion grounds, multiple buildings separated from the main house were lined up, causing them to, momentarily, almost lose their sense of direction. However, looking around just like Subaru, Beatrice opened her round eyes and searched for their target, before noticing a gathering of people.

At that same instant, Louis also looked in the same direction as Beatrice and shouted out, reinforcing her conviction.

Ahead of them, at the entrance of a separate building, there were several figures.

In front of the firmly shut door, all that could be seen was a back sporting the ragged equipment of an Imperial Soldier, and facing it were two figures, one of which Beatrice did not recognize.

――The other was a girl whom Beatrice recognized as well.

Subaru: [――El!]

Beatrice: [Minya!!]

A dull sword was raised, targeting the girl and her companion.

As soon as they noticed it, Beatrice and Subaru, holding hands, raised their opposite hands and chanted magic. The ensuing deep purple arrow captured the back of the pale-faced men, transforming them into crystals.

Enemies: [Gah.]

A bitter cry leaked out, but no further action by the men was allowed.

Accompanied by a high-pitched sound, similar to ice cracking, the men’s figures shattered and crumbled away.

The Galewind Horse reached the girl, who, narrowly escaping death, widened her eyes in surprise as Beatrice and Subaru landed on the ground together, her hand pulled by his.

And there――,

Subaru: [――Kept you waiting, Rem! The real star has stepped on the stage!]

With one eye closed and teeth gleaming, Subaru made a pompous declaration.

Despite his childish appearance, Beatrice looked at her partner from within his arms, proud of his unchanging bravery in scrambling to help someone else.

The eyes of the girl whose life was saved widened as she met the gazes of Beatrice and Subaru.

As it were, the excitement and emotion quivered within her throat――,

Rem: [――Who are you?]

She asked, in a dubious voice, with an atmosphere that was not very friendly.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [No, it’s me, it’s me! I’m a bit smaller, I’m telling you, it’s me! You can tell, right?]

Rem: […I’m grateful for the help, but you ring no bells at all.]

Subaru: [No way!]

Subaru waved his arms and sorrowed at that unexpected cold response from Rem.

He felt dejected by this reaction, especially since he thought that, after going through a hopeless experience, then having been saved from a life-threatening predicament, a deeply emotional meeting was surely awaiting him.

Of course, since Subaru, being Subaru, had gone and gotten himself shrunk while Rem remained unaware, he thought that asking her to be openly happy would also be unreasonable.

Subaru: [In that sense, setting aside Louis, who already knew me in this state, it’s quite something that Beatrice would just accept it right away…]

Beatrice: [It’s not really that Betty thought nothing of it, I suppose. It’s merely that whether you have shrunk or not, it will not change that you’re Betty’s partner, in fact. More importantly…]

Subaru: [More importantly?]

Lowered to the ground from the arms in which she had been held, Beatrice looked at Subaru and Rem, comparing them. Then, narrowing her peculiarly patterned eyes,

Beatrice: [That attitude is completely different from what Betty had heard from Subaru, I suppose. That girl… Rem was supposed to have been gentle toward Subaru, in fact. Was that a lie, I suppose?]

Subaru: [No, that wasn’t a lie! It’s just that she’s forgotten a lot right now!]

Beatrice: [Forgotten…]

Derived from Rem’s cold treatment, Beatrice was made unnecessarily suspicious.

Likely, it was the doubt about whether Subaru had led everyone who did not remember Rem in her “Sleeping Beauty” state to believe a story that differed from reality.

It was an unthinkable misunderstanding. In the first place, something like lying about Rem’s personality as she slept was beyond blasphemous, and it too also made Subaru miserable.

In response to Subaru’s explanation, Beatrice silently turned back to Rem,

Beatrice: [You don’t remember Betty, in fact?]

Rem: […No, I believe this is our first meeting.]

Beatrice: [――. I see, I suppose. I understand now, in fact.]

Rem: [It seems that’s persuaded you, but in the end, who are you guys? I appreciate the help, but…]

Beatrice’s face showed that from Rem’s reply, she accepted that Subaru had not just said whatever he wanted. On the other hand, Rem’s doubts remained undispelled.

Even if Subaru and Beatrice were unilaterally convinced, Rem’s questions would only continue to pile up.

Although his own internal sense of discomfort had relatively decreased, sure enough, Rem’s attitude clearly conveyed that the large Subaru and the small Subaru were completely different.

Subaru: [Be that as it may, I’m me! Rem, in any case, let’s ta…]

???: [Oh my!? I was wondering who helped us, but it’s Husband-kun! It’s Husband-kun, right! Thanks for rushing in!]

Subaru: [Ah, look, Flop-san understands… Eh!? Flop-san!?]

Saying that as Subaru was trying to somehow unravel Rem’s incomprehension, he was taken aback at the sight of Flop, the blond-haired young man that suddenly appeared from behind her.

Having come to help Rem, he had not even considered that Flop would be with her.

Subaru: [Why are you here? Were you kidnapped along with Rem?]

Flop: [My oh my, it’s quite daring to come to Wife-san’s aid without knowing anything, isn’t it! But, on the whole, that understanding isn’t mistaken. More specifically, it would be correct to say that since I suffered a fatal wound, Wife-san accompanied me to give me treatment!]

Subaru: [A fatal wound… Uwah, you’re right! That’s a terrible injury!]

Flop was as cheerful as ever; but, ignoring that ridiculously bright personality, the skin visible through the gaps in his clothes was wrapped in bandages, and his complexion seemed somewhat pale.

Judging from his experience from the Gladiator Island, Flop was seriously wounded to the level where standing would have been greatly difficult.

It seemed like saying that he had received a fatal wound had not been an exaggeration.

Subaru: [But, then Rem also… Geez, you’re too gutsy.]

Rem: [Please wait. You’re trying to move the conversation along smoothly, but… Flop-san, by calling this boy that…]

Flop: [Ah, perhaps this kind of thing is all the easier for a third party to notice? Like Wife-san is thinking, it’s Husband-kun. With just a bit more of a baby face!]

Rem: [――――]

At Flop’s words, Rem stared down towards Subaru once again.

Faced with the doubt emerging within her pale blue eyes, Subaru adjusted the angle of his face to give her a better view, and flashed his teeth. The hue of doubt turned to dismay, which then quickly turned to surprise.

Rem: [I thought, I thought you were a very strange person, but… not only can you dress up as a woman, but you can even turn into a child?]

Subaru: [That’s wrong! This situation is out of my control! Isn’t that right, Beatrice?]

Beatrice: [Subaru, were you cross-dressing again in a place unknown to Betty and the others, I suppose…?]

Subaru: [Don’t get caught up on that right now!]

Both Rem and Beatrice looked at Subaru with doubt, overwhelming him. Flop, standing by the exchange, while holding up a finger to his own well-groomed face,

Flop: [Well, it wasn’t only Husband-kun who dressed up as a woman, myself and Village Chief-kun also did it after all. We really looked like girls all together, and our figures were lovely too.]

Subaru: [That’s because I put all my points into my charisma stat at that time. Anyways! I’m glad we were able to meet up.]

Patting his chest in relief, Subaru smiled at both Rem and Flop. Flop nodded frankly at the smile, and Rem, after contemplating every last possibility,

Rem: […You went through all this trouble, to search for me?]

Subaru: [Well, of course. No, I didn’t know you had been kidnapped until I was enroute, but the moment I found out, my selfish feelings surged up. The only thing that made me certain you were here was…]

Louis: [Uu!]

And just then, while he answered Rem’s question, the reason for his certainty burst in.

Wedging herself in between Subaru and Rem, it was Louis who had jumped toward the latter. Louis’s golden hair fluttered as she embraced Rem, and even though she was surprised and gave a “Uau”, Rem accepted the young girl’s hug.

With that face so close to her, relief emerged in Rem’s eyes.

Rem: [Louis-chan, I see you’re safe. I was worried that you might have been mistreated by him, since you went off on your own following that man.]

Louis: [Aauu!]

Subaru: [No matter how you look at it, would I really treat her so poorly that you would be worried… Did I do that? I did, didn’t I? I probably did do that. I regret that now, though.]

Stroking Louis’s head as she hugged her, Rem made such a comment to which Subaru pouted his lips.

In fact, if Rem and Louis separated at the time when Subaru and the others had set out to Chaosflame, then that was the point in time at which Subaru and Louis’s relationship had been the worst.

It was not limited to the worry that along the way, Subaru may have taken the opportunity to abandon Louis in the fields. It could be said that Rem’s worries were never-ending.

But then again――,

Subaru: [Right now, I’m not thinking about doing anything to Louis. We’ve made peace.]

Rem: […Is that true? Louis-chan?]

Louis: [Uu!]

With a broad smile on her face, Louis nodded her head, and the question mark above Rem’s head was finally dispelled by her response.

Since his body had shrunk, the circumstances which had probably been his biggest predicament were proceeding peacefully, so Subaru breathed a sigh of relief. Then, while gripping on to Subaru’s hand,

Beatrice: […Even though Betty intended on accepting it, it’s still a scene that gives a very bad feeling, in fact. Such a thing like that girl and Rem being so friendly towards each other, it’s a strange feeling, I suppose.]

Even though Beatrice muttered this, Subaru made a wry smile within his heart.

However, considering that when he was first sent off into the Vollachian Empire, he was viewed with hostility by the newly awakened Rem, and was together in a situation with Louis, whose aims were completely unknown to him, Subaru was also in complete agreement with Beatrice.

After all, through some causality, a Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, the cause of Rem turning into the “Sleeping Beauty”, was now spending time with her in the same place in such a friendly manner.

Subaru: [――. I still haven’t found the proper answer for that yet, but…]

Rem’s memory had still yet to return. Louis’s origin, too, still remained unknown.

However, they were able to stay alive and reunite with Rem in this way, and Louis had also demonstrated as much of a friendly attitude towards them as she could. Thus, they should be able to find a solution.

Therefore――,

Tanza: [――Schwartz-sama, I do not think we have much time to be so relaxed.]

Witnessing the atmosphere of that reunion, the young girl interrupted with good timing and a good reason.

Upon hearing the intervention of Tanza, the little girl in a kimono, who had read the atmosphere, Subaru turned to her and said, “Yep”. Then, keeping up a vigilant watch out on the surroundings from horseback, Idra also entered his field of view, and,

Idra: [We found the person you’re looking for. By the way, there isn’t anyone else who has been taken, right?]

Beatrice: [As far as Betty has heard, there shouldn’t be anyone else, in fact.]

Rem: [I also haven’t noticed anyone else. Has Flop-san…]

Flop: [I don’t know of any other acquaintances who were brought in, either. Unless, carelessly, Medium has been kidnapped or something! How’s she, Husband-kun!]

Subaru: [She hadn’t been kidnapped at the time we were separated… She’d been shrunk, though.]

Flop: [Huh? What’s that? What did you say?]

To Flop, who was concerned about his sister’s safety, Subaru withheld the fact that Medium had also shrunk.

Other than a shrunken appearance, she was in perfect health; surely Medium would have left Chaosflame safely and joined the group at Guaral.

There was no time to reconcile the details of the situation and to wrangle over this and that there.

In order to guarantee such a lively and cheerful time, they needed to move.

Subaru: [So, including Rem and Flop-san, I want to escape with as many people as possible, but is there anyone else in this estate?]

Rem: [There is a woman named Katya-san whom I met here. Then, there’s this detached building…]

Subaru: [Here?]

With a nod, Rem’s gaze turned to the tightly closed door beside her.

He had to defeat the enemy quickly, so he did not check it properly, but it seemed that Rem and Flop were trying to open this building,

Flop: [It’s said that inside are black-haired Crown Princes from various places.]

Idra: [Black-haired Crown Princes… Schwartz’s fakes.]

Flop answered Subaru’s inner questions, and Idra frowned upon its content.

The perception Idra expressed, that they were fake Schwartz’s, was generally shared by everyone in the Pleiades Battalion, and it was one of the big lies Subaru was telling them.

The black-haired Crown Prince, who was talked about across the Empire, was the illegitimate son of Emperor Vincent Vollachia, and all of those who had taken the name for themselves in various regions were nothing but fakes.

The real black-haired Crown Prince was none other than Natsuki Schwartz――.

Idra: [The ones who were used as justification here and there to start a rebellion? To be blunt, I don’t like this careless approach to things.]

Beatrice: [Betty agrees with Beardy, I suppose. The originator doesn’t like it either, in fact.]

Idra: [B-Beardy…]

Idra clearly expressed his displeasure at the imposter Crown Princes who seemed to be held captive inside the detached building, to which Beatrice nodded in agreement.

To be blunt, Idra’s words were painful for Subaru to hear as well. Beatrice’s added comment seemed to support Subaru’s guess as to whose scheme this was.

Frankly, it was difficult to distinguish whether some of the fake Crown Princes were good guys or if some of them were bad guys――.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama, what would you like to do?]

Subaru: [Nah, isn’t there really nothing to discuss? If they’re left here, sooner or later the zombies are definitely going to kill them, so we don’t have a choice but to help.]

Tanza: [――――]

With a hushed voice, Subaru replied to Tanza, who was asking for his decision.

Tanza’s eyes widened at the answer in regards to the black-haired Crown Princes―― she was the only one who had been told ever since Gladiator Island that Subaru’s claim to be the successor to the Emperor was a lie spread for the purpose of creating a disturbance.

A huge reason why the comrades of the Pleiades Battalion trusted Subaru and were willing to participate in this battle for the Imperial Capital was because they believed that Subaru was the black-haired Crown Prince.

If the captive false Crown Princes were released, the chances of that lie being exposed would increase.

Subaru: [But, that is that and this is this.]

Even though he was aware of Tanza’s concerns, Subaru would not sacrifice human lives to protect a lie.

Of course, one would hope that this act of compassion would be returned, and that the fake Crown Princes would be quietly appreciative of the efforts of Subaru and his friends.

Beatrice: [As expected of Betty’s Subaru, I suppose.]

Beatrice looked at Tanza proudly while tightly holding Subaru’s hand. For a moment, there was a tingle flowing between them again, but Subaru put it aside.

Taking that into account, they faced the detached building’s door.

Subaru: [Does Rem or Flop-san have the keys to the entrance?]

Rem: [N-no, I didn’t know where the key was, so I thought I would pry it open by force.]

Flop: [You can trust in Wife-san’s strength. As you already know, my arms are as meager as they look.]

With Louis attached to Rem at the hip, Flop showed off his feeble biceps. Subaru scratched his cheek at the two’s replies, and pathetically turning to face Tanza,

Subaru: [Would you be the master key once again?]

Tanza: […I am not sure what a mastur kee is, but I understand what you are trying to say. Schwartz-sama, I would like to reiterate this to you…]

Subaru: [You aren’t a tool for breaking open walls, right, Tanza? Forgive me.]

Towards Subaru, who meekly bowed his head, Tanza released a deep, deep sigh.

However, it was not just a sigh; with deep compassion Tanza softly spoke, “Please step aside”, to request that Subaru and Rem move away from the front of the door, and she gripped the large padlock hanging from it with both of her hands.

Then, with a sudden and strong jerk of Tanza’s slender hands, the lock twisted off.

It was quite the shocking sight, but Subaru and Idra had grown used to seeing it.

At Tanza’s unbelievable display of superhuman strength, Rem and Flop stared in wonder, and as Subaru saw those reactions to his side, he took a light breath and slowly opened the door to the solitary building.

And then――,

Subaru: [I think that everyone has their own respective circumstances, but, for the time being, why don’t we put away our various grudges, and work together to get out of this place?]

Like that, being careful not to alarm the cautious inhabitants, Subaru entered the solitary building―― Inside of which were lines of narrow jail cells, containing the fake Crown Princes which Subaru had greeted.

Fake Crown Princes: [――――]

At Subaru’s call, the faces of fourteen or fifteen young boys turned towards him.

As they had been called the black-haired Crown Princes, and counting backwards from Emperor Vincent’s, or rather, Abel’s, current age, it was to be expected that they would be around the same age as Subaru was presently.

That said, the sight of the figures of these children that had been hidden from the gaze of the public inside of these jail cells was sickening.

Tanza: [However, each of their cells are spacious, and it looks thoroughly cleaned, so it does not feel like such a poor environment.]

Peeking inside of the solitary building from the side, Tanza added her own opinion on top of Subaru’s impressions.

As she had said, the space was cleaner than just the bare minimum. It seemed that the fake Crown Princes were being properly fed, and any who were suffering extreme weakness could not be found.

Tanza: [More or less, it seems like they were prepared in case one of them was the true Crown Prince.]

Beatrice: [Perhaps they also do not have a taste for taking the trouble to torment children, in fact.]

Rem: […Given the temperament of the homeowner, it seems like it could be either.]

From Tanza to Beatrice, and then to Rem, each took over to share their impressions of the inside of the solitary building. At that description, Subaru thought that the owner of this large mansion―― Most likely, they were an important figure in the Imperial Capital.

Considering these circumstances, the fact that they had captured so many candidates for the black-haired Crown Prince like this also indicated a rebellious spirit towards the fake Emperor, who understood there was no such thing as a fake Crown Prince.

Subaru: [That fact that his son is a fake, the man in question would know best… Wait a second? Is it possible that the fake Emperor doesn’t know? If Abel was the type of guy to be careless with his relationships with women, then…]

Rem: [I can’t say this for certain, but I can’t imagine that being a side of Abel-san.]

Subaru: [I agree. That guy, doesn’t he consider his own cross-dressed self to be the most beautiful woman in the world?]

Looking back on the time that he had called himself Natsumi Schwartz, Abel as Bianca, and Flop as Flora, Subaru spoke of such reminiscences.

At any rate――,

Subaru: [I’m going to open the jail cells now. It’s going to be pretty busy outside, with all of the rumbling and shaking, you know. Let’s throw away our grudges, and all escape together!]

Fake Crown Prince: […Escape? But all of the cells are locked.]

From inside, among the fake Crown Princes who came from different tribes and had different skin colors, someone said this in response, to which Subaru replied with an “Oh”.

All of them had black hair and black eyes, which was not very common in this world, and so with their physical traits being similar to Subaru, while feeling a certain sense of kinship with them,

Subaru: [Don’t worry about the lock. We have a solution right here.]

Tanza: [Right here indeed.]

Subaru pointed his thumb towards Tanza, and the little girl bowed as she showed the broken lock in her hands to the fake Crown Princes.

All of their faces looked surprised at this, their skeptical expressions disappearing. Instead, a sense of awe was directed towards Tanza, but,

Subaru: [It looks like getting you out won’t be a problem. Tanza over here will break you out… Rem!]

Rem: [Y-yes.]

Subaru: [Where’s that friend you met here that you were talking about just now?]

Rem: [――If you mean Katya-san…]

With her hand placed on Louis’s head, Rem’s expression stiffened as she turned around towards the outside of the detached annex. Judging from Rem’s reaction, this Katya was probably in the main building.

They had succeeded in crushing the three zombies in the vicinity of the selfsame annex, but others had likely gotten into the mansion. They had to find a way to somehow get the girl in question out before she was discovered.

Subaru: [Does this Katya person have any distinguishing features?]

Rem: [She has brown, curly hair and deep eyes. And then…]

Subaru: [And then?]

Flop: [Miss Katya has bad legs. Because of that, while Wife-san and I headed here, we had her hide in the other building.]

Subaru: [Her legs are…]

Subaru put his hand on his chin in response to what Flop had answered in Rem’s stead.

Fortunately, since they had the Galewind Horse Subaru and the others had rode in on, it could be said that this was the perfect situation for carrying someone with bad legs. Since their overall mobility would drop considerably anyway by taking the fake Crown Princes along, that would probably not be a problem.

Subaru: [I’m concerned that Tanza is our only decent fighter.]

Beatrice: [The way Betty and Subaru are now, we would not be outdone by that deergirl, I suppose.]

Idra: [Although I’m not on the same level as Weitz or Gustav-dono, I can put up a fight, too.]

Subaru, concerned about their fighting strength, received reassuring answers from Beatrice and Idra.

Of course, they could not be overly reliant on Idra since they needed him to hold the Galewind Horse’s reins, but Subaru’s skill was to make full use of the cards in his hand to optimally adapt to the situation at hand.

Subaru: [If I assume the role of a fake Crown Prince, and at least one person could ride on the horse…]

Rem: [Uhm, I’m worried about Katya-san, so if possible…]

Subaru: [――My bad, that’s right.]

Looking impatient, Rem appealed to Subaru, who was trying to wrack his brain.

Subaru nodded back as he felt the need to quickly clear away the cause of her worries. For the time being, as long as Subaru and Beatrice were there, they could deal with the zombies.

Subaru: [Just in case, Tanza should come along too. In order to reassure this Katya person, if Rem or Flop-san could also come, then――]

Subaru was just about to say that they could get by without causing any unnecessary commotion.

???: [――You don’t need to worry about that. I already got Katya out safely.]

Subaru: [――――]

Like that, Subaru’s words were cut off by a voice from outside the detached annex. ――No, merely being interrupted was not why his words were cut off.

It was because Subaru’s heart was pierced by something cold in that voice he had heard.

Beatrice: [――Subaru?]

Since he held Beatrice’s hand, she noticed something was wrong as his whole body instinctively grew tense.

But without responding to Beatrice’s words, Subaru quickly headed to the entrance of the detached annex before Rem and Flop, who were already standing there, even had a chance to turn around.

To confirm who it was. ――And then, to keep them away from Rem.

The one who was standing there and had called out was――,

???: [I really have to say, this is some peculiar coincidence. How else could we end up in this situation?]

Subaru: [――――]

???: [We probably all have our own respective circumstances, but… for the time being, why don’t we put aside our troublesome grudges, and work together to get out of here?]

Thus, the man repeated Subaru’s statement from just before, as if to ridicule it, and shrugged his shoulders.

――And so, the adversary with whom Subaru grew the most troublesome and fateful bond during his stay in the Empire, Todd Fang.

--- Chapter 3: Three Reasons ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Jumping out from the entrance of the detached building, Subaru stood in front of a man who was giving a faint smile.

That petrification was perhaps the most foolish choice he could have made before that man. However, even for Natsuki Subaru, who had experienced all kinds of hardships, even Death, over and over again, the indescribable eeriness of this man made his mind go blank.

A sense of fear that not even a Sin Archbishop could bestow, and a sensation of being ensnared.

In the face of Todd Fang, Subaru was made to feel that way.

Subaru: [――――]

Bewilderment had arisen around Subaru, who stopped reflexively in response to the voice he had heard.

It was Beatrice, as she held hands with him, facing the same opponent as Subaru. Other than her, Tanza and Idra were also casting a dubious gaze upon Subaru, who was standing still.

Although his mind raced to the thought that he should immediately warn them to be cautious, but――,

Rem: [――Katya-san!]

And, before Subaru could move his trembling lips, Rem shouted in a high-pitched voice.

When he looked, Rem’s pale blue eyes, which had turned back towards Todd by the door―― No, they were directed not towards him, but directly behind him.

It troubled Subaru to take his gaze off Todd and shift his attention to that direction, but once he did, he understood the target of Rem’s shout.

There was a wheelchair-bound woman hiding behind Todd’s back.

The woman peeked at them as she grabbed the hem of Todd’s clothes, with suspicious eyes that overlooked the world beneath curly brown hair; she was a perfect match for the features Rem had described.

That in itself was joyful―― No, the fact that she was beside Todd would mean,

Rem: [Please stay away from her…!]

Louis: [Uu!]

Rem, who seemed to have come to the same conclusion as Subaru, raised her voice and glared at Todd. Louis, who was always close to her, also growled while looking at Todd, roused by Rem’s fighting spirit.

Despite losing his trademark bandana and letting down his orange hair, Todd’s cruelty and dangerous creativity had probably not been diminished.

Even in this situation, it was not difficult to imagine that he would try to use the woman―― Katya, as a shield to manipulate Subaru and the others into doing his bidding.

Of course, it was obvious from Subaru’s previous hostile encounters with Todd that the outcome of giving in and doing as what was told would ultimately result in Death.

Subaru: […From this point onwards.]

If I were to die, I can’t be sure of how far back I’ll return to.

Fortunately or unfortunately, depending on how one looked at it, during the entire series of events of intervening in the siege of the Imperial Capital, breaking through the city walls, and riding into the city, Subaru had never once lost his life.

Regardless of whether that was to thank, or to blame, Subaru did not know the starting point of Return by Death.

He was able to meet up with Louis and Beatrice, and was also able to reunite with Rem and Flop.

Honestly, the situation had been going well, almost too well. It was impossible to calculate how many retries it would take to reach this point.

However――,

Subaru: [――I’ll do what I must.]

If he had decided whom to save, whom to let survive, and whom to move forward with, Subaru had decided with a steadfast heart to firmly grasp that outcome.

For that reason, he was able to rescue all the gladiators concerned with the Gladiator Island, and fight alongside them as members of the Pleiades Battalion until today. ――He would never give up, no matter what.

Not even if the obstacle he needed to overcome for that purpose was the very embodiment of a fear that caused his heart to freeze over.

Thus, Subaru moistened his dry lips with his tongue, and with a determined action――,

Katya: [P-please wait! You’ve got it wrong! I haven’t been captured, Rem!]

Rem: [Katya-san?]

Katya: [Misunderstanding… Yes, it’s a misunderstanding! Todd i-isn’t your enemy!]

Katya tried to move forward, turning the wheels of her wheelchair while loudly insisting that it was a misunderstanding and that Todd was not their enemy. However, Todd put a hand on her thin shoulder, preventing her from moving forward.

Katya, pitching forward with vigor, glared at Todd with teary eyes, and,

Katya: [Wait, what are you doing! You’re putting yourself in danger!]

Todd: [You’re the one in danger. Don’t move forward on your own.]

Katya: [W-who do you think I’m saying this for…!]

Todd: [Of course, it’s for my sake. But that doesn’t mean I can overlook the woman I love putting herself into danger.]

Katya: [Ugh…]

Red-faced and having snapped at him forcefully, Katya was silenced by those words.

That was not because of embarrassment or shame, but mainly because his objection had conveyed that he was concerned about her.

Subaru found it difficult to believe that it was a perfectly honest statement without the intent of deception.

Rem: [Katya-san, could it be, that person is…]

With a small gasp, Rem asked Katya this with a fearful look. Although she did not clearly state the question, the intended point of the question was clear.

Whether it was a sign of her hesitation and anxiety, but Rem had put her slender hand on Louis’s shoulder. In response to this question of Rem, Katya nodded her head while biting her lip.

Katya: [I told you this several times already… He is, you know, my…]

Rem: [Fiancé.]

Katya: [Yes…]

After her initially hesitant declaration, Katya responded clearly to Rem’s question as such.

Rem’s eyes wavered when she was told this, and she clearly was agitated. Subaru was just as shocked as Rem, and was also shaken to his core.

Subaru: [Fiancé…]

While not having the fondest memories of Todd following the events since their first encounter, the story of his fiancée had left a different impression apart from his insanely cautious and unforgiving nature.

Todd, who had been deployed as an Imperial Soldier to the encampment near the forest where the Shudraqian village was located, frequently spoke of his desire to return to his fiancée.

But after a series of bloody encounters with Todd, his expectations for his humanity had faded, and it became a distant memory that merely lingered in a corner of his mind――.

Subaru: [She really did exist…]

And the words were so incongruous with Todd and his lovely fiancée that he had to let it slip.

Despite probably not even hearing Subaru’s monologue, Rem looked at Todd with suspicion in her stern eyes,

Rem: [Are you really Katya-san’s fiancé?]

Todd: [Yeah, it’s true. Like I said before, it’s an unconventional arrangement. I never thought that Katya and you would be getting along so well during your confinement in the Prime Minister’s mansion.]

Rem: [――――]

Todd: [Don’t look at me like that. Of course, I’m not saying we had a good first encounter or a good relationship either, but this is the situation we’re in. We both have to let go of our grudges, don’t we?]

Shrugging his shoulders at Rem’s silent gaze, Todd spoke up brazenly. Then his gaze turned not to Rem, but to Subaru.

Holding his breath, Subaru met Todd’s gaze. Cold sweat ran down his back.

However――,

Todd: [What the kid said is true, right?]

Subaru: [――Ah.]

There was no hint of hostility in Todd’s demeanor as he closed one eye and winked at him.

Staying true to his words, Todd had let go of his hostility and caution and was extending a hand, as if it was the obligation of the person proposing to cooperate with each other to get out of this situation.

Flop: [Husband-kun, Wife-san, who is Soldier-kun?]

At the sight of both Subaru and Rem going silent, Flop’s soft face took on a serious look.

In response to his question, Subaru could not speak carelessly, partly due to his current appearance. Instead, Rem continued with “That man”,

Rem: [I’ve had several encounters with him before. And in every one of those times, my life was in danger.]

Katya: [Huh…]

While she looked at Katya, Rem tried hard to choose the right words while also telling the truth. Upon hearing this, Katya’s eyes widened and she looked at Todd who stood beside her.

Her lips trembled as she questioned her fiancé from his side.

Katya: [I-is that true? Todd, you, what Rem said…]

Todd: [If it’s about that young lady, it’s true. You said it earlier, that there are some grudges. I’m an army man. Sometimes I have to turn my weapon on someone. That kinda thing, I guess it’s just one of those unwanted situations.]

Rem: [To think it was “unwanted”, you went out of your way to…!]

Todd: [If you mean the Fortress City, it was because I saw your companion as a threat. If you mean the time before that, I was just following orders like any other soldier. I have nothing personal against you.]

As he said this, Todd took the axe worn on his waist. For a moment, a tension ran through Subaru and the others, but Todd, keeping one hand outstretched, heaved it away without getting worked up.

A parabolic arc was drawn as the axe slid across the ground and came under the feet of Subaru and his team.

Louis: [Aau.]

Louis picked up the axe and alternated between looking at Subaru’s face and Rem’s.

It did not seem to be an axe-shaped bomb, but it appeared to be a pure act of disarmament.

Todd raised his hands and waved at Subaru and the others who had recognized that fact.

Todd: [As you can see, I’m not your enemy. Only, it would be regrettable for all of us if we wasted time glaring at each other like this, right?]

Flop: […Wife-san, I too think we should talk constructively. What do you think?]

Rem: [――――]

Squeezing her own arm, Rem glanced sideways at Subaru.

Only Subaru and Rem were able to share their wariness of Todd and the level of threat that he posed. As for their acquaintances themselves, Louis was also there when Subaru, Flop, and the others were attacked by Todd in the Fortress City, but none of that danger was shown on either of their faces.

Therefore――,

Beatrice: [Betty will follow Subaru’s decision, in fact.]

As she held hands with Subaru, Beatrice gave him only the courage to make a choice, without influencing him either way.

She was not alone; both Tanza and Idra left the future to Subaru’s choice. ――Just the fact that these two and Todd were in the same place was enough to make his heart freeze.

If possible, he would have liked to get Todd’s presence far away from them as soon as possible, but――,

Subaru: […Katya-san is Rem’s friend. I want as many of us as possible to get out of here unscathed. We don’t have the time to squabble here, that’s what I think.]

Rem: [――. I, understand, but…]

Subaru hung his head and bit his lip, and Rem also stiffened her cheeks in frustration.

But he also did not know what kind of action Todd would take if he refused him poorly. That was a concern that Rem also shared. Now that he was here, he could not let him go.

It was the same reason one could not leave a bomb unattended, not knowing when it may detonate.

Katya: [D-don’t worry! T-this guy is outrageously tenacious! I’m sure he’ll be useful to help me and all of you escape!]

Todd: [Hey, come on, you shouldn’t compare your fiancé to something like a Zodda bug.]

Seeing Subaru and Rem’s state of unease, Katya clumsily backed Todd. With a wry smile at Katya’s defense, Todd then ran his hand through his own hair, and,

Todd: [Well, since you’ve accepted me, I’ll have to return the favor. Thanks, I’ll also have to prove myself to Katya, who has treated me so gently.]

With that, Todd spoke like a reliable, young man, and ignoring the feelings of Subaru, who had an inescapable sense of tension that made his throat growl, he joined the others.

△▼△▼△▼△

――There were three reasons why Subaru could not reject Todd Fang’s presence in this situation.

The first was the presence of Katya, Todd’s fiancée.

Having apparently developed a friendly relationship with Rem during her time in the mansion, she appeared to be a good person, despite her sharp-tongued nature, having properly shown Subaru and company that she was not a nefarious sort of person. From all appearances, she did not have the slightest idea of who Todd was at the root of his character; but no matter what Subaru and company accused him of here, betting on whether she would believe her fiancé or them was a poor gamble.

If so, should they choose to part ways with Katya, due to their dislike of Todd?

Comparing her wheelchair to the one Subaru had made for Rem, it was not inferior. Her leaning her weight on it looked so pitiful that he could not leave her behind.

As long as Katya and Todd were intimate to the point of seeming to be one being, it was only logical that they could not refuse Todd.

The second was that Todd’s actions had all been undone in previous attempts, due to Return by Death.

With his ruthless nature and cool-headed judgment, Todd had on numerous occasions cornered Subaru, taking his life―― Not just that, sometimes taking the lives of Subaru’s cherished friends.

Flop, Tanza, Idra, all of whom were accompanying Subaru right now, among others, had once been killed by Todd.

Subaru’s strong feelings of hatred and fear toward Todd were probably due to the fact that Todd had taken the lives of his friends right before his eyes more than any other person Subaru had ever encountered in this world.

However, since these events had not actually occurred as a result of Return by Death, even if Todd were to turn his blade against them, he would not have done any harm beyond that.

Neither the great fire in the Shudraqian forest, nor the unrelenting attacks in the Fortress City, nor the massacre of gladiators on Gladiator Island, none of these had happened. ――It was possible for him to perpetrate them, and just that.

And the third and final reason――,

Todd: [――Aim from the chest up! Anything below the waist will only buy you some time!]

Subaru: [ Tsk , Beatrice!]

Beatrice: [Understood, in fact! Minya!]

At the sharp voice’s instruction, Subaru and Beatrice simultaneously held their hands out in front of them.

Ahead of their palms, several pale-faced enemies―― zombies, were knocked down to the ground as the purple arrows were shot at them, causing them to crystallize and sending up a cloud of dust.

Some of them escaped being critically hit, however――,

Subaru: [Sorry, but, even if their torso is in that state…]

Tanza: [Even if the head is intact, it will just be shattered.]

The zombies that were not immediately incapacitated were hit by the heel of Tanza’s falling leg. Their crystallized torsos were shattered, leaving them unable to do anything after their four limbs were blown away.

The head of the zombie rolled away, and without its regeneration process beginning, eventually, the still-intact head lost its color and crumbled away like sand.

Though, it was not as though he did not feel heartache at the sight of it.

Todd: [We’ve probably eliminated the obstacles in the back streets by now. You guys’ magic is working extraordinarily well on these guys, thank you. How much power can you spare?]

Beatrice: […Plenty more, in fact. Ten-thousand or a hundred-thousand to spare, I suppose.]

Todd: [That’s reassuring. But don’t try anything too rash. You guys are my lifeline.]

Being praised for their successful elimination of the group of zombies that was blocking their way left Subaru and Beatrice with mixed feelings.

Unilaterally defeating the zombies was a sound choice, mentally. On the other hand, it was somewhat unpleasant that Todd was the one praising it.

Putting aside the sentiments of Subaru and the others,

Todd: [I had many encounters with those pale-faced guys before I reunited with Katya at the mansion. They didn’t seem to be on either side, the regular army or the rebels, and you can’t communicate with them.]

Flop: [Oh, really? But we seemed to be able to talk to the ones that Husband-kun and the others took down in the mansion, though.]

Todd: [Being able to talk and being able to communicate are similar, but they’re not the same thing at all, are they? They won’t listen to you, and they won’t die if you crush their heads or cut them off. They’re troublesome enemies to deal with.]

Tanza: [Soldiers who do not die… just as Schwartz-sama’s companion told us.]

After being told of the zombies’ formidable characteristics, Flop and Tanza contemplated.

However, they were considering Todd’s opinion, and this was also a highly accurate analysis that Subaru could not ignore.

Todd: [To summarize, they can’t be defeated by honest means. Swords, lances, and other weapons are only a temporary measure. The best way…]

Flop: […Is Husband-kun’s and Dress-chan’s…]

Tanza: […Magic.]

Todd: [I’ve also roasted some of them to charcoal with a Spirit I had in my care, and they didn’t get back up. I haven’t verified if ordinary fire is effectively much like magic fire, though.]

Subaru: [――――]

Todd: [Well, in case you’re wondering, it takes longer for them to revive if you hit them above the neck than if you hit them in any other part of the body. The legs regenerate surprisingly quickly, so don’t expect to take away their mobility.]

Even Subaru, who knew his true nature, was impressed by Todd’s willingness to give out such advice.

As soon as the matter of accepting them into the group was settled, Todd generously shared information about the zombies, giving out information as they went along.

Naturally, he, like Subaru and his group, had moved through the Imperial Capital, where numerous zombies roamed, to join up with Katya. Having done so, Todd likely had effective strategies against the zombies and knowledge that would help them escape.

This prospect was the third reason why Subaru had welcomed Todd.

Subaru: [That said, I had no clue how far it went…]

The zombie outbreak occurred shortly after Subaru and his group had climbed over the city walls.

For a moment, Subaru thought that they might have been the ones to trigger the zombie outbreak, but they decided to trample that down and move forward, as it was an unanswerable fear to consider.

Regardless, from the zombie outbreak to the present, even though the time for investigation had supposedly been approximately the same for both Subaru’s group and Todd, the depth of the information Todd had gathered for survival was incredibly ahead.

It was that attitude of his, not just toward zombies, but toward anything, anyone, anywhere, that propelled Todd’s extraordinary decisiveness and ability to get things done.

Rem: [Katya-san, are you alright?]

Katya: [Y-yeah, aside from being a little shaken up by all the strange people… What about you, are you fine?]

Rem: [I’m much more afraid of the likes of Priscilla-sama and Madelyn-san, I don’t have any chance against them.]

Katya: [Those kinds of people have nasty tempers…]

Rem and Katya slowly lagged behind Subaru and his battle group, trying to make their way ahead. Rem was pushing Katya’s wheelchair, and Louis was escorting the defenseless girls as they looked around restlessly.

Because of the poor footing and choice of route to bypass the group of zombies, combined with the speed of the fake Crown Princes led by Idra and the Galewind Horse, the speed of travel was not fast.

Still, steadily, they approached the ramparts of the Imperial Capital.

Flop: [Husband-kun, why the long face? Are you still concerned about Soldier-kun?]

Subaru: [Flop-san…]

The complicated expression on Subaru’s face, which was both happy and bitter at the same time, was seen through by Flop, who was still watching his surroundings closely.

Being the astute man that he was, Flop could see that Subaru was more wary of Todd than necessary―― at least, more than was necessary with the amount of information he had at this point.

Of course, he could not reveal the fact that Flop had been killed before, because it would run afoul of the rules of Return by Death.

Subaru: [Flop-san, as I said before…]

Flop: [Pay attention to what Soldier-kun is up to, right? I know that, and that’s why Miss Tanza stays with him as much as possible, as you had requested of her.]

Subaru: [――――]

Flop: [Although you’ve become smaller and your face younger, your way of thinking has grown more mature and cautious, Husband-kun. You always do your best to worry, and that’s a virtue. But you know, suggesting cross-dressing in order to conquer the Fortress City, I also like that side of you.]

Seeing Flop’s soft and gentle smile, Subaru looked embarrassed and then gave a wry smile.

Even without his current appearance, when compared to his original body, Subaru felt like he realized the older Flop’s proficiency as an older brother. It was no wonder that Medium had so much respect for Flop.

Beatrice: [――Hk, Subaru, look down at our feet, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Our feet… Huh, uwah.]

Once the conversation came to a close, Beatrice led Subaru by the hand, and at their feet―― Soaking the soles of their shoes, they saw water flowing on the inclined ground.

Beyond the Crystal Palace, the reservoir that held large amounts of water had been breached, and the volume of water flowing into the city was beginning to rise in earnest. Their enemy were not only the Imperial Soldiers and the zombies, but the water as well.

If they took too long to withdraw, they would eventually be swallowed by the rising waters――.

Todd: [If we don’t get out of here before that happens, it’s over for all of us.]

Todd, who walked over to them, clearly verbalized Subaru’s sense of crisis.

Subaru stiffened slightly, and whether Todd realized his alarm or not, he pointed the tip of his returned axe toward the Crystal Palace.

Todd: [It looks like General First-Class Moguro doesn’t stand a chance against the Cloud Dragon. It’s only a matter of time before Moguro loses. It’d be better if it were one-on-one, but two-on-one is fatal… After the General First-Class is defeated, how will the enemy proceed?]

Subaru: [How they will proceed, do you have an idea?]

Todd: [The Cloud Dragon aside, the flying dragon rider cooperating with it looks to be a corpse. So far, all the corpses have been attacking as soon as they see us. In other words…]

Subaru: [The zombies are trying to kill the living.]

Todd: [It’s irritating, but that’s how it is.]

Todd tilted his head in contemplation, and Subaru understood what he was trying to say.

The objective of the zombies was to exterminate every last living person they came across. For that reason, if there was a way to kill a lot of people, it would not be surprising that they would choose it.

Were the stone giant clashing against the white Dragon right in front of the castle to lose, the zombies would completely destroy the walls of the reservoir, causing the water to flood without end.

If that happened, Subaru’s group and the people of the Imperial Capital, along with the soldiers of the regular army and the rebel army who were fighting outside, would all be swept away.

Todd: [That’s irritating. But I do like the way you call them zombies . We need some kind of name for them. Let’s just call them zombies from now on.]

Beatrice: [What do you think about those zombies , in fact?]

Suddenly, Beatrice, who had been silent, asked Todd that question.

Todd, muttering the word “zombie” several times to familiarize himself with the word, made a puzzled face at Beatrice’s question,

Todd: [What do I think?]

Beatrice: [So far, the majority of the zombies we’ve encountered were Imperial Soldiers just like you, I suppose. I can tell by their appearance, in fact. How do you feel about killing your own allies…]

Todd: [First, they aren’t my allies. They just wear the same clothes. If they’re dead, they’re not soldiers or anything. They don’t need to be recognized as anything other than troublesome obstacles.]

Beatrice: [――――]

Todd: [Talking about whose pawns they are and what their goals are, I don’t think that’s important for survival right now. That’s something for the big shots to think about and solve.]

He gave a composed response, and Beatrice silently agreed to end the conversation.

Todd shrugged his shoulders at her attitude and looked at Subaru again,

Todd: [You’ve got a reliable partner, but it would be better for you to talk it out with her if you’re feeling worn out. Contrary to expectations, even just spitting out what’s on your mind can do some good.]

Subaru: […I’ll keep that in mind.]

In response to Subaru’s gloomy answer, Todd left him with the words “Do it”, and proceeded forth.

Acting as a scout for the road ahead, Todd would find the positions of the zombies and make a plan for how to drive them back, to which Subaru and his team would then review and implement in order to secure their escape route. Currently, it was going quite well.

However――,

Beatrice: [Subaru, if you’re worn out, you can talk to Betty about anything, I suppose.]

As Beatrice looked into Subaru’s face, he looked to be mentally worn down.

That was partly because he continued to devote strong vigilance towards Todd, and partly because Beatrice’s magic was using his mana.

But the greatest psychological burden of all was taking down the zombies.

It was painful to destroy zombies that could speak and had something close to the will they had during their lifetime.

How much better it would be if, like Todd, he could simply dismiss them as scarecrows blocking the way.

Flop: [I think that’s also one of the virtues of Husband-kun, though.]

Subaru: […I don’t know. Rem’s going to kick my butt for hesitating again.]

Flop: [Wife-san wouldn’t do such a thing.]

Subaru: [――――]

Flop: [I don’t think she would.]

Strangely, Flop’s repeated words were persuasive.

Flop had survived in this merciless Empire with neither physical strength nor magic, but with words alone. Perhaps the single greatest weapon he possessed was his humanity.

Subaru: [Thanks to Flop-san, I’m feeling a bit better!]

Flop: [Thank goodness! I’m useless, so if Husband-kun were to get depressed, I wouldn’t be able to find a way to save us! Oops, but…]

Subaru: [But?]

Flop: [Thanks to me, I think I may have hurt Dress-chan’s feelings a bit.]

When Flop pointed that out, Subaru turned around and said, “Huh?”. There was Beatrice, holding hands with Subaru and glaring at him with her cute, round eyes.

Subaru’s cheeks stiffened at her reaction, and Beatrice’s cheeks flushed,

Beatrice: [Neglecting Betty when she’s worried about you, lucky you, in fact. There Subaru goes again, immediately befriending a handsome guy and ignoring Betty, I suppose.]

Subaru: [What incredible misinformation! No, I’m not ignoring you at all, okay? In the first place, though guys like Flop-san and Ceci are exceptions, Idra and Weitz are nuanced while not necessarily handsome… Hiain is quite charming, though.]

Beatrice: [There’s no need to make excuses, in fact!]

She suddenly turned her face away from him, and Subaru moaned in pain as if his chest had been brutally gouged out.

Beatrice was also worried about him. Although Flop had phrased his words more skillfully, he felt regret towards Beatrice from the bottom of his heart.

No matter what, after escaping from this place, he had to entirely devote himself to making it up to Beatrice.

Subaru: [For now, all I can do is caress you earnestly with my hand…]

Rem: […What do you think you are doing in a situation like this?]

Subaru: [Wah!]

Subaru was surprised when someone called out to him from behind. Rem, who cast Subaru a dubious look, still had Louis clinging to her waist as she looked around the vicinity warily and said,

Rem: [Even when your form changes, your personality surely doesn’t.]

Subaru: [Oh? Does that mean that you know my nature well enough to understand who I am?]

Rem: [Correction. Now that your body has shrunk, your restraint has become nonexistent compared to before.]

Subaru: [That’s the part I’d really like you to laugh at and let slide, blaming it on the wild nature of a child.]

Even Rem’s harsh opinion was a pleasant stimulus for Subaru, after having been separated from her for some time.

Subconsciously, Subaru tightened his face and appeared to be happy, being careful not to make Rem uneasy.

In addition to that, speaking of someone that he did not want to make anxious,

???: [Hey, is Todd bothering you? Is he properly being of use?]

Subaru: [――――]

Katya, pushed in a wheelchair by Rem, hesitantly asked.

Compared to the fake Crown Princes who had been released from confinement and followed Subaru and his group on their own as they retreated, Katya was experiencing a considerable sense of helplessness in not being able to move on her own.

She seemed to be terribly worried about Todd as well as herself, and it was clear that she had a shy affection for Todd, her fiancé.

Seeing Katya’s genuine concern, Subaru turned towards the end of the alley where Todd was headed,

Subaru: [Yeah, he’s being useful. He has a good nose and good eyesight. His precise directions have really helped us avoid trouble.]

Katya: [I-I see. That’s good then…]

Katya, her eyes downcast, patted herself on the chest in relief.

As aggravating as it was, those were not thoughtless words said just to reassure Katya, but a fair assessment of Todd’s work up to that point.

In fact, as a soldier, Todd’s work had been impeccable. His scouting and route selection had contributed greatly to their survival in this current situation of having to flee, even with the hindrance of having to move a large number of people.

Todd did not have an effective way to strike the zombies, but he was outstanding at exposing them to the attacks of Subaru and Beatrice, who did have effective skills. ――Except for Subaru suffering more mental wear due to the higher amount of loss than necessary, there were no disadvantages to Todd’s presence.

Subaru: [――――]

――No, Rem, whose interactions with Katya seemed to be complicated, was also under the same mental strain due to Todd’s presence as Subaru.

Subaru: [At this rate…]

Would they really all be able to escape out of the Imperial Capital together without incident?

While Subaru struggled with unanswerable questions about how he wished for things to proceed――,

???: [――Katya, I told you to stay farther back, didn’t I? Don’t catch up to us.]

Todd, who had been away scouting, returned and found Katya with Subaru and the others, and gave caution to his fiancée.

At Todd’s words, an expression of relief for Todd’s safety rose on Katya’s face, then it quickly turned into a look of opposition towards the words, and then her expression changed once again.

She seemed to be a bit worried about Todd’s appearance.

Katya: [Todd, did something happen?]

Todd: […Good grief, she’s so intuitive only at times like these.]

As he said this, Todd ran a hand through his bandana-less hair and revealed what he had seen as he looked toward Subaru and the others.

That was――,

Todd: [――There’s a rather tough-looking zombie just ahead from here. A member of the Cyclops Tribe, he was probably the one who stood out the most in today’s battle.] So he spoke.

--- Chapter 4: Warrior’s Instinct ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The “Giant Eye” Izmail, was a valiant warrior of the Cyclops Tribe and the hope of his clan.

In the center of his valiant face, a large blue eye fixed its gaze clearly on the future without hesitation. ――Nay, it had once done so.

Now, Izmail’s single eye was as if a golden moon had emerged in an otherwise moonless night; the very manifestation of an evil omen.

Izmail: [――――]

In order to bring fame and prestige to his tribe, Izmail resolutely threw down the gauntlet in the battle for the Imperial Capital, entering the battlefield as a rebel aiming to take the head of the Emperor Vincent Vollachia. True to his reputation, he quickly broke through the defenses of the regular army and reached the city walls.

However, that was as far as Izmail’s advance had gone.

The hellfire that had then been unleashed had burned Izmail the Giant Eye down to cinders, alongside all the warriors of the Cyclops Tribe who had followed him. Despite surviving on the border between life and death, he had ultimately lost his life by a follow-up dished by the dagger of an emotionless assassin.

Indeed, he had lost his life. ――That was what ought to have happened.

Izmail: [――――]

His body, having been blown to shreds by artillery fire, certainly ought to have died.

Nevertheless, Izmail’s body, hideously burned and blown asunder, had grown new limbs and risen; while carrying his weapon, his battleaxe, on his shoulder, he walked through the Imperial Capital, ravaged by war as it was.

Moving his cold, lifeless body with nothing more than fervently surging emotions of abhorrence and hatred――.

Izmail: [――Where are you, you damned repulsive beast?]

△▼△▼△▼△

Todd: [Up until now, we’ve only faced small fries, and haven’t come across anyone on the level of someone who used to be a General, but the opponent ahead of us will be more than a match for that. As such, he is quite troublesome.]

Subaru: [When you say General…]

Todd: [There may be exceptions who are evaluated for their military tactics and strategic acumen, but in most cases, it’s their own skill that counts. This guy is one of those… not comparable to a General First-Class, but he definitely has the potential to become a General Second-Class.]

Subaru: [――――]

Todd: [If we were to compare by simple ability, he could probably kill all of us by himself.]

With a nonchalant attitude, Todd wrapped up his hopeless report with their annihilation.

Thus pointing out how deadly the formidable zombie that awaited them was to the group, and that the dumb luck that had protected them until now had run out.

Katya: [B-but, you’re a cunning guy, you can figure something out, right? You’ve done so well so far, with the help of these kids.]

Katya said, her voice had risen while her eyes clung to Todd.

The kids she referred to were Subaru and Beatrice, who were crystallizing zombies via magic, and Tanza, who was destroying enemies who had possibly slipped through.

Fortunately, Louis had not had to step in to protect Rem and the rest of the followers so far, and the two main attackers, together with Todd’s good judgment, had paved the way for the team’s success so far.

However――,

Todd: [When there is a certain level of parity in strength, brute force can be effective. However, when facing an opponent with a significant power gap, it becomes meaningless. No matter how hard the wind blows, it cannot bring down a castle.]

Katya: [Ugh…]

Flop: [So, you think it’s going to be tough going down this road, Soldier-kun?]

Todd: [Yes. ――I’d say that, but we can’t change our path so easily.]

He nodded halfway through Flop’s words, and then he shook his head. He then turned his head to the path they came from, the Crystal Palace.

Todd: [What’s more, the battle those guys were in has ended. The water will be arriving soon.]

As Todd emotionlessly pointed out, a roar dominated the sky in the far distance.

As they looked in the same direction as him, they saw a huge humanoid figure that clashed with the Dragon near the Crystal Palace; both of its knees had been destroyed, its crumpled body falling to the ground, breaking the castle’s perimeter.

Behind the dense plume of smoke, the white Dragon that had defeated the colossal god unleashed a battle cry.

No creature, zombies included, would be unable to comprehend that the sound that echoed loudly was that of a battle cry, given that scene.

Todd: [If our earlier guess is correct…]

Subaru: [I don’t know if we can make it in time to go back the way we came and find another route.]

Beatrice: [I suppose.]

It was a conclusion that could drive them further and further into a corner, but as they put into words the course of events that they had no choice but to consider, Beatrice, who had joined hands with Subaru, also affirmed Subaru’s thought.

Todd pulled back his chin in response, and Tanza raised her hand modestly with a “Well”,

Tanza: [Then we are at a deadlock, correct? We have a powerful enemy in front of us, but even if we went back, time would not allow it.]

Flop: [Haha, Miss Tanza, that’s a very scary conclusion. It’s true that if we only consider the information we’ve been told then it does feel like a deadlock which is really anxiety-inducing, but I’m sure there are moves left that we can take!]

Tanza: [For example, what?]

Flop: [That’s not for me to know, though! I’m sure someone is here who might, right?]

In response to Flop’s statement, Tanza, who had had difficulty changing her emotions, furrowed her round eyebrows and turned her gaze.

In situations like this, it made Subaru happy and grateful that people thought of him when the topic of someone they could rely on came up. There was pressure too, but it also made him feel like he had to meet their expectations.

Furthermore――,

Rem: [Can you manage it somehow?]

Indeed, Tanza was not the only one who had high hopes for Subaru.

Subaru: [――――]

Rem, who was pushing the wheelchair holding Katya and clutching the handle to the point that her fingers had turned white, asked him this question with shaking pale blue eyes.

Compared to the total trust that Katya, who was just in front of her, had for Todd, it was something as fragile as a sandcastle or thin ice.

Even so, Subaru’s heart was roused.

Having been vigilant towards Todd, who was accompanying them, Subaru was able to pull his attention back to the task at hand and utilize his mind to its fullest.

Todd: [If we don’t decide quickly on whether to go or return, we won’t make it in time.]

While Subaru was brainstorming, Todd had added requirements as if to remind him.

If they went, all they needed was strength. If they were going back, all they needed was luck and time. ――If he assumed he would Return by Death, the latter might have a better chance of success.

Subaru: [No, I can’t say that for certain.]

If he kept repeating Return by Death and eliminated the wrong routes, they might eventually reach another way out by the shortest route, assuming that there was a goal.

If they could not make it in time by whatever route they took, they could not choose the latter option.

On the other hand, if the option to fight was chosen――,

Subaru: [Whether we can fight a strong enemy or not…]

Among the group fleeing with Subaru, only Beatrice with Subaru, Louis, Tanza, and Todd could have been counted as having decent fighting strength, with Idra as a backup.

Of these, Subaru was like a bonus for Beatrice, and wanted to entrust Idra with escorting non-combatants such as Rem and Katya, Flop and the fake Crown Princes.

In effect, there were four people who could serve as combatants―― Beatrice, Louis, Tanza, and Todd. Magnificently, the only people he could trust were young girls, and he did not have the time to laugh it off.

That was what Subaru had just been thinking.

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru looked up with his hand on his chin in contemplation and his gaze met with Todd’s, who happened to look in Subaru’s direction at the same moment.

At that instant, lightning flashed in Subaru’s head, and the electrifying feeling of it felt very reliable and bitter.

The reason was――,

Subaru & Todd: [――Let’s beat that zombie .]

――Because Subaru was acutely aware in his soul that they had both intuited their mutual conclusion at the same time and that what it would take to accomplish it would be a combination of strength and wisdom.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Izmail turned himself around the moment he heard a loud noise, one unlike the others in his environment.

Izmail: [――――]

His old, burned body was replaced by a brand-new, cracked one. Izmail, hero of the Cyclops Tribe, took a wide stance and lowered his posture to capture the approach of a large shadow in his single eye.

As Izmail stood in the street, flying parabolically above his head was, as if by some joke, one of the houses that made up the Imperial Capital that had been pulled out of the street in its entirety.

It was forcibly torn from the ground and thrown, spilling pieces all over the ground and walls, scattering like crumbs from a loaf of bread. In reality it was not that cute, and most people would certainly be crushed to death.

Even still――,

Izmail: [――How slow!]

The “Giant Eye” Izmail, was outside the realm of most people.

The flying house was on a trajectory to land in the center of the street, leaving only in front of and behind him as escape routes since the left and right sides were tightly blocked.

But, that they had purposefully provided an escape route, meant he would have to play right into their hands.

Therefore, Izmail did not flee forward or backward, but raised his battle-axe instead.

It was a huge axe that would even be difficult for two strong warriors to lift, but Izmail easily maneuvered it, able to cut through any obstacle with ease.

On this occasion, the same fate befell the thrown house.

At the moment of contact, the blade of the axe slashed directly up from below, entered the front edge of the house, and sliced the large house into two vertical sections with a slash like cutting a large man all the way across from the groin.

The severed house could no longer fulfill its role as a home as the furniture, dishes, and clothing left by the homeowners smashed into the streets, all without dealing any damage to Izmail’s physical body.

However――,

Izmail: [――Hk.]

Immediately after unleashing his spectacular move, a rock came right for Izmail’s face.

Of course, this would not work against the Cyclops Tribe, whose eyesight was unparalleled compared to that of other races. As he tilted his head, dodged the flying projectile, and ducked into the swirling dust left by the house, Izmail squinted his eye.

The “enemy” was in the same direction from which both the house and the stone had been thrown.

――The pupil technique of the Cyclops Tribe allowed Izmail’s view of the world to be switched.

Izmail’s eye, capable of using color to capture the emotions of a target, saw multiple flickers of red coming from the direction of the thrown attack. ――The color of one’s will to fight.

That in itself was desirable, and Izmail’s whole body became filled with strength.

During this siege of the Imperial Capital, or in a battle against bandits or any other race, there was nothing more degrading than fighting those who did not bear the color of a warrior.

Warrior against warrior, fighter against fighter, it was only in such battles that there was value in a contest of skill.

The source of the animosity that drove Izmail’s supposedly-dead body towards those that had defiled the honor of such universal martial art, was great.

Izmail: [It’s a fight――]

Stepping onto the dirt-strewn streets, Izmail’s body advanced toward the enemy.

Stone projectiles, similar to the ones from before, were hurled to intercept him, and then followed a subsequent massive projectile―― a house, describing a parabolic trajectory; although, he did not think it was cowardly or a weak man’s tactic.

Only that it was a fine tactic. That he held respect for, and needed to destroy.

Izmail: [A warrior’s death must come at the hands of a warrior.]

The speed and accuracy of the incoming stones were quite high. Although he responded with a minimal amount of ducking and parrying with his raised battle-axe, it would be inevitable that his bones would be shattered if he were to receive a proper hit.

Needless to say, the massive house that had been thrown into the air was a projectile with such force that it would immediately render its target incapacitated.

However――,

Izmail: [Don’t think it’s your exclusive right to send something flying!]

The howling Izmail swung his battle-axe, blowing away the second house-cannonball, and drove the edge of his weapon into the street with such force that it ripped away the ground of the Imperial Capital.

Continuing to rip up the ground, Izmail swung his long leg around and launched a kick that blew it forward like a buckshot. Naturally, he did not expect this to be an effective strike against the enemy across the street.

Izmail: [It’s just a distraction, but…]

Unlike the Cyclops Tribe, other races that did not possess special eyes would be unable to see through a curtain of dust that danced around them.

Within the dust and shattered street debris Izmail hid, which clearly lowered his chance of being hit by the stones being thrown at him, and had a reprieve to advance further.

Izmail: [A big man and a little girl――]

As Izmail peeked through the curtain of smoke, he could clearly see the other side and could make out that there was a man and a girl.

The man took the role of keeping Izmail in check with stones, and the small girl beside him pulled entire houses from the ground and threw them into the air as massive projectiles.

It was a well-coordinated effort, but at the same time, what was disconcerting was the inexperienced way in which they acted.

Izmail, who had honed his skills on the battlefield, understood.

Neither of the two, who had gone on the offensive, were genuine warriors. Nevertheless, they had somehow developed a warrior’s spirit, which Izmail, who was the target of the attack, indeed respected.

Sometimes, the battlefield could transform a non-warrior into a warrior in an instant.

The same thing was happening with that man and the girl.

Izmail: [Magnificent.]

Voicing his praise, paying them respect, he must kill them, no matter what.

With absolute perfection, with no hesitation whatsoever, without even the slightest of errors, he must thoroughly slaughter them. Eradicating every last part of their lives, he must choke the very life out of them.

He must tear them limb-from-limb, rip off their heads, and drink in the blood of their eviscerated hearts――.

Izmail: [――――]

He could feel the fierce craving for death, blood, and lives flaring up within his own mind.

At the same time, as Izmail tore through the third house-cannonball, a shrill noise resounded as the window glass shattered, and he saw himself reflected therein.

Izmail was smiling.

The corners of his mouth contorted as if to applaud the malevolent heat flowing through his cold body, in which no real blood circulated. It was a heinous smile reeking of naught but blood, one that had never once been worn on his face when he was still alive.

Izmail: [Haha, hahaha, HAHAHAHAHA!]

Instead of feeling repugnance at that smile, a vehement exhilaration boiled inside of him, and erupted with the sound of laughter.

As he laughed, and kept laughing, he struck down a lucky shot from the stones that were flying in his direction. Plunging towards the next house-cannonball, he tore through it with his battle-axe as he made his suicide attack.

They continued to hurl things at him while they retreated back, and he leapt towards the two warriors―― No, he leapt towards his prey.

Slamming his battle-axe towards the fifth building, which seemed to be their final resistance, Izmail would try to bless the applause of his boiling “blood” with real blood, and――,

???: [――As expected, only having one eyeball really confines your vision, doesn’t it?]

Izmail: [――――]

The house flew in a parabolic arc, and, tearing down its front door with his axe, he would propagate that destructive power, and cause the entirety of the bending building materials to burst like a bubble.

Just before that could happen, somebody’s ridicule struck Izmail’s eardrums.

――No, no no no no no, absolutely not.

That was not the ridicule of just “somebody”.

For Izmail, that voice was the utmost abhorrent, a symbol of malevolence, a target of detestation.

Izmail: [YOU――!!]

His raised morale from just before had vanished, and a chilly bloodlust dominated Izmail’s entire body.

The one seen by Izmail’s widened, black-stained, golden eye was a single orange-haired Imperial Soldier, lying flat on the floor of the destroyed house――.

――Undoubtedly, he was the sworn enemy who had brought about Izmail’s Death.

Izmail: [――RAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!]

That instant, twisting his body in a burst of rage, Izmail’s battle-axe changed its trajectory.

It changed from a vertical axe strike which would have split the house right in half, to a slanted trajectory in an instant, and was about to strike down upon the prone Imperial Soldier――,

Izmail: [――Oh.]

Just before he could drive all his might into his sworn enemy, the Imperial Soldier suddenly vanished from Izmail’s field of view, as the latter rode the motivation of his own war cry.

It was not something of this dimension, like moving at an intense speed.

Quite literally, he had vanished.

Izmail: [――――]

The next moment, Izmail’s thoughts were completely painted over by black and white.

The hatred that had burst out towards his sworn enemy had lost its destination, and his mind was dominated by the blankness caused by such a strange phenomenon. But, just before that moment, Izmail’s “Giant Eye” had perceived a discrepancy.

It had perceived a young girl of long, golden hair, clung to the leather belt of his prone sworn enemy’s detestable form.

Izmail: [――――]

The reason for that, and the intent behind it, were unclear. However, he did not think that information was irrelevant.

Even though they had come across each other only for a short time, there was no way that the Imperial Soldier would thoughtlessly carry unnecessary things; such was the negative trust that stole Izmail’s thoughts away.

Thereupon――,

Izmail: [――Gah!!?]

A piercing impact bore through Izmail’s left shoulder, and he released a cry of pain.

What had pierced through the walls of the house whose destruction had been interrupted, coming to strike Izmail no matter if it had been aimed precisely or merely a lucky shot, was a stone fired at a high speed.

He thought his bones would break if struck by that, and in accordance with that belief, that force caused Izmail’s left shoulder to violently explode, and as a result, Izmail’s body began to scream―― But that did not come to pass.

Izmail’s body had lost the color of blood, and cracks had formed in several places on his skin. When the stone struck him, a terribly short sound rang out, and it shattered.

It was just as if Izmail himself was the same as the window glass of the destroyed houses.

Izmail: [――――]

For a moment, as his left arm shattered, Izmail’s thoughts came to a standstill.

However, while surprised, the absence of the pain he had expected prevented his thoughts from being shredded to pieces. Consequently, he was able to be at ease without overlooking the next change.

Izmail: [My arm…]

His arm, shattered at the shoulder and fallen to the floor of the inclined house, regenerated through inexplicable movements as if time was turning back; cracks were filled, shattered fragments returned, and it was restored.

In less than two seconds, it was as if the shattering had never even happened.

Izmail: [Hah――!!]

He promptly switched the battle-axe from his right hand to his freshly repaired left hand, and with the intention of ascertaining the feel of it, Izmail fired off an axe strike, this time blasting the half-destroyed house-cannonball.

Destroying the building constructed with a mix of stone and wood, Izmail bathed in the debris as he broke through to the outside―― Then, he reached out his right hand towards the approaching sense of hostility.

He caught a flying fist-sized stone head-on with his right hand wide open.

If he were to go without avoiding the impact, the bones in his right hand would obviously be painfully demolished. But Izmail’s body deviated from how a human body would be broken, instead breaking down like inorganic matter.

Then, it had been restored to its original state with a regenerative ability more powerful than a human body’s ability to heal.

Izmail: [This is… this is the true nature of this body…!]

Unconsciously averting his attention from the unnatural situation in which he had been placed, Izmail moved with a burning hatred.

Granted to him via an incomprehensible resurrection, this repulsive body distanced Izmail from the concepts of blood, pain, and even that which was indispensable to life, the very concept of Death.

In that case――,

Izmail: [――Hah.]

Exhaling, Izmail saw below him the sight he desired.

The man and young girl who had been resolutely attacking Izmail for some time now, the one standing right behind them was his cowardly sworn enemy who had vanished just before his attacks could reach him.

With an unknown technique, the moment he vanished from Izmail’s eye, he had appeared behind those two, and the warriors joined forces with the coward.

At that moment, his admiration for the warriors from just before reversed, and transformed into a thick hatred.

Izmail: [All of you, pay for this mockery of war with your lives――!]

Kicking off the fragments of the house that had been blown away, Izmail’s body flew like an arrow.

As his body headed straight towards the villains, the young girl decided that there was not enough time to get to the next house, and so she began throwing stones like the bearded man standing next to her.

However――,

Izmail: [――It’s no use, no use, IT’S NO USE!]

Without wielding his battle-axe to hit them away, the stones caught Izmail at high speed; however, neither could they stop Izmail’s actions, nor could they discourage his heart.

Even if a part of him were to be struck by a stone and shattered, it would be instantly restored, and he would suffer no damage.

With a new body that had relinquished the true feeling of life, Izmail attempted to attain the true feeling of life from others by bathing in their blood, and so, towards the stiffened faces of his enemies――,

Izmail: [――――]

Trying to reach his hand out, he became aware of something.

The bearded man, the young girl in a kimono, the Imperial Soldier whom he had decided was his hated archenemy, none of their expressions had died.

The bearded man and girl appeared red, while his sworn enemy appeared blue once again; it happened at the moment he ascertained those colors.

――Izmail sensed the arrival of a presence behind him as he leapt toward his enemies.

Izmail: [――Hk.]

Izmail’s warrior instincts sounded an alarm, and he spun around in mid-air to look up at the presence.

With his “Giant Eye” opened wide, reflected in his golden eye was a person who had somehow managed to get behind him in an instant―― No, it was not just one person. There were three figures.

A young boy with black hair, and held in his arms was a young girl in a dress.

And, the young blonde girl, who should have just been by his sworn enemy, was clinging to the boy’s back.

All three were small; however, burning with bright-red fighting spirits, they raised their hands.

???: [El――]

At the murmured incantation, Izmail’s warrior instincts immediately tried to react by kicking off the debris.

However, restraining those instincts, Izmail stretched his arm in order to swing his battle-axe. Without dodging the attack of his enemies, without stopping it, he would bask in it as he performed his counterattack.

An attack that would have been impossible with his former body, was now a possible slashing attack that could slaughter his enemies, and――,

???: [Minya――!!]

An amethyst glow was fired, and Izmail dared to catch it as it flew straight towards him.

He, who had planned to start his counterattack with that, had not even realized it.

――He had not realized that the hero of the Cyclops Tribe, the “Giant Eye” Izmail, would have never made such a foolish choice.

--- Chapter 5: Forgiveness ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Todd: [――They’ve only recently turned into zombies . Some of them were alive just a few hours ago. Those who died in this battle are coming back to life one after another… But we can’t say for sure yet.]

Subaru: [But I understand what you mean about them having just turned into zombies . It’s like they don’t know what their own weaknesses are. We aren’t the only ones who don’t know much about zombies …]

Todd: [They themselves are the same. However, if they have a head to speak, they probably have a head to think as well. The more time we give them, the more they can fill in those unknown parts, and the more their possible weaknesses disappear.]

Subaru: [That’s why we need to strike before the enemy becomes fully prepared―― Oh.]

Todd: [What? What did you notice?]

Subaru: [――――]

Todd: [Don’t be coy, out with it already.]

Subaru: [I’m not being coy. It’s just that zombies don’t really understand their own bodies. So if we inform them instead――.]

△▼△▼△▼△

He let Louis cling to his back and squeezed Beatrice tightly against his chest.

The same basic position as when they were riding on the back of the Galewind Horse; however, the situation they were placed in was quite extreme, and he did not have time to worry about the girls.

The surrounding scenery changed in an instant, and soon after, beside a house that was shattered by a furious blow, Subaru and his allies had appeared from thin air, taking the back of the hostile zombie.

Tanza, who threw houses, and Idra, who threw rubble, attacked in waves―― it was a pretty funny battle strategy when put into words, but it was not only the words that were funny, but the picture as well.

Not because the child was throwing the larger ones, rather than the adult. In the first place, the tactic of throwing a house itself was ridiculous.

Nevertheless――,

Tanza: [Since I am receiving Yorna-sama’s love, then I have to do at least this much.]

Since she had accepted it in such a reliable manner, the impact of the scene could be shelved for now.

In fact, the mysterious enhancement of the entire Pleiades Battalion applied to Idra as well, but it was not as good as Tanza, who had stacked Yorna’s as well. It was all about being the right person at the right place.

From that perspective, their opponent’s attention was drawn by the wave attacks using big and small tools―― once their focus was on Todd, Subaru and his allies made a surprise teleport attack.

Subaru: [――――]

The zombie twisted in mid-air; the enemy, with his distinctive one-eyed face, blackened the white part of the large eye in the center of his face, while his golden pupil glowed brightly.

A terribly cruel, blood-scented evil sneer was etched upon his mouth, sending shivers down Subaru’s spine.

Had he always been the type of person who would smile hysterically in the midst of battle? Or perhaps he had changed since he became a zombie; they did not know which one it was.

However――,

Beatrice & Subaru: [El――]

Quickly, Subaru and Beatrice simultaneously held up their hands and pointed them at the enemy in front of them.

If their opponent showed a move to avoid Subaru and Beatrice’s attack with the utmost effort and no hesitation, then their strategy would fail.

In that case, perhaps they would not be able to surpass this enemy, even with their best efforts.

But that would not happen. Because Subaru―― no, because Subaru and his team forced them into this situation.

Izmail: [――Hk.]

Sure enough, the zombie turned around with a startling gait and, catching Subaru and the others in its large single eye, took a posture of swinging his battle-axe in his grip instead of taking evasive action.

It was a strategy that involved taking Subaru and crew’s attack, then defeating them with a counter―― the traditional tactic of incurring damage so as to inflict greater damage on one’s foe, but the desperation put into the attack here was different.

The zombie’s body regenerated inflicted wounds in little to no time.

That was why the enemy had believed himself able to take Subaru and his team’s attack with no risk, and then use it to launch their own counterattack.

Unfortunately――,

Beatrice & Subaru: [Minya――!!]

――Unbeknownst to them, that was the path to defeat that Subaru and his allies had carved out.

With his battle-axe swung to riposte, the enemy took a serious hit from the purple arrows released from the hands held up by Subaru and Beatrice.

Three brightly shimmering, amethyst crystal arrows pierced the left half of the Cyclops’ body.

Izmail: [Brilliant tactic, but――]

Without paying attention to the purple arrows that had pierced him, the enemy bared his teeth and howled at his prey, Subaru and his friends.

A zombie’s body, oddly enough, broke in a brittle manner upon being shattered, much like pottery cracking, even though it retained some strength.

His broken body would then be repaired like a video played backwards, and the zombie would attack as if nothing had happened――,

Izmail: [Wh, at…?]

――But he could not do it.

The amethyst arrows that had pierced the zombie’s body did not shatter its body from there, but rather remade the body into the same amethyst crystals as the arrow. The crystallized part of the zombie’s body then cracked, and this time the zombie’s body shattered, but the parts did not regenerate.

The particular effectiveness of Yin Magic against zombies―― that was the enemy’s weakness that had been identified during their retreat up to this point.

――Although there had not been an abundance of opportunities to check over a long period of time, several common characteristics were observed in the zombies.

For example, a zombie’s fatal wound was closer to the heart than the head.

However, since piercing their chest would not kill them, fatal was perhaps not be the right word. Nevertheless, it was a fact that zombies, their bodies regenerating wounds with abnormal resilience, healed more slowly when the wounds were close to their heart.

Since blood did not flow when an arm or leg was lost, it seemed that the heart probably no longer served to pump blood to the body, but it had not lost its function as a vital part of the human body.

As those characteristics of zombies that could not be beaten were revealed, Beatrice’s Yin Magic came to be recognized as effective at defeating zombies.

Beatrice had explained that Minya, a spell of Yin Magic, had the effect of freezing the time of the target, which was a kind of instant death magic, and it seemed to be especially effective against zombies, who relied on their regeneration.

According to Todd, if one were to burn a zombie’s body down to ashes, they could stop the enemy from regenerating just as if they had hit them with Minya, but there was no use in asking for something they did not have.

Subaru: [This is the strongest use of the hand we have!]

Regardless of the strength of the enemy zombies, they could be defeated if hit with Beatrice’s Minya.

In that case, the result of thinking about a strategy to hit it was to make the enemy, who continued to demonstrate the ability it had possessed in life, understand the merit of becoming a zombie.

Beatrice: [They aren’t damaged by attacks. If one gets attacked and finds that they can heal quickly, anyone would contemplate relying on that power, I suppose.]

Subaru: [I’m sure he would have easily avoided that before being turned into a zombie .]

Louis: [Au!]

It was a declaration of victory for Subaru, Beatrice, and Louis―― or rather, both admiration and pity for their enemy.

This warrior who had come back to life as a zombie had been, undoubtedly, quite the skilled warrior in life. Even as a zombie, there was no discernible change in his fighting ability, but there was a distortion in the ideology with which he approached battle.

If only he had not been so arrogant as to think that receiving an attack would not be a problem.

Subaru: [There was no way he could have seriously taken that shot.]

Izmail: [――――]

The zombie’s eye widened as it spun with the shock of the magic he had been subject to.

The look in his eye was a whirlpool of mixed emotions, a mixture of astonishment and understanding as he realized his defeat; Subaru bit his lower lip and cursed the unreasonable fate that had befallen this warrior.

Even if Subaru was cursed at for crystalizing the left half of his body and making him taste death for the second time――,

Tanza: [――Schwartz-sama!]

It came to pass immediately after a moment of sentimentality washed over his heart.

Subaru was called by Tanza in an urgent voice, and he suddenly realized the truth of the situation. Spinning in the air, turning away, and then turning back to face him, the look in the enemy zombie’s eye had changed color.

It was not as if the color of the dead’s distinctive golden eye had changed.

But the astonishment and understanding that had been floating in it had faded, and it had been replaced by an intense hostility.

At one point, the enemy had almost accepted his defeat along with the impact.

That had changed the complexion of his eye. ――Perhaps Subaru’s last words had been the catalyst.

Izmail: [Not yet.]

Subaru: [――He’s not dead!]

In front of Subaru gasping at the sight in front of him, the enemy, whose crystallization was advancing across the left side of his body, kicked something into the air.

It was a fragment of a shattered house-cannonball. Albeit merely a fragment, it was as big as a person’s head. Kicking it into the air, the impact shattered the zombie’s left arm from the shoulder down, blowing it away.

In return, the flying debris instead flew straight at Subaru’s face――

Louis: [Uau!]

Just before he was hit, Subaru had a vision of his skull being shattered by the fragment.

It would have been a fatal blow, but it did not reach Subaru. Because a figure, Louis, had intervened before it hit Subaru, and took his place.

Subaru: [Louis――!]

Clinging to his back, Louis forcefully pushed Subaru’s body down, moving him out of the path of the debris and into the line of fire herself instead.

As a result, Louis took an unguarded hit from the debris, detached from Subaru’s body, and sent flying.

Beatrice: [Subaru, don’t look away, in fact!]

As Louis was blown away, Beatrice called out to the distracted Subaru. Keeping her body in Subaru’s arms, she reached out her hand to attack the enemy.

However, the opponent was not so simple-minded as to be fatally struck twice.

Izmail: [――Hk.]

With fragments of his arm flying through the air, the enemy skillfully read Beatrice’s follow-up with Minya and used what little remained of his left shoulder area to receive it.

He took on the damage in areas that were already crystallized, minimizing the progress of damage caused by the progression of the cracks.

It was truly the skill of an exceptional warrior――.

Subaru: [Uwa!]

As soon as he was awed by his skill, Subaru’s collar was grabbed by an outstretched arm.

He had abandoned his battle-axe―― No, after losing the ability to wield the battle-axe, he displayed his obsession to not let Subaru escape.

Izmail: [Ooooh!!]

Subaru: [Gah!]

Subaru’s body, holding Beatrice, was forcefully sent to the ground by the pull of the enemy’s arm. Choking from the pain of his back hitting the hard surface, Subaru saw the form of the enemy up close and attempted to raise his hand with haste.

But, however, the opponent’s determined form met his gaze, and his movement stopped.

――The way he looked, full of ambition and the will to fight, it was hard to believe that it was from a body that was already dead.

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Beatrice: [Subaru!]

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama!]

His neck being constricted, desperate voices struck Subaru’s eardrums as he gasped.

Hearing those frantic voices and the sound of the bones in his neck fatally creaking, Subaru’s arms still did not rise. It was not that he was deprived of strength, but rather that his heart was no longer invigorated.

Even though he knew that if he did not do it, he would die.

Even though he knew that if he did not kill, he would be killed.

Beatrice: [Minya!]

Subaru, unable to move, was supplanted by Beatrice, who had leaned in and fired her magic at the enemy.

Covering Subaru, resulted in also covering Beatrice, who was in his arms. Naturally, the magic reached the target from a distance that ought to have been called point-blank range.

However, the enemy endured. ――The right arm that had tightened around Subaru’s neck was defended to the death, the enemy attempting to at least to take him along with them, even if his torso were to be crystallized.

???: [It’s because you are being strangely merciful.]

Immediately after such nonchalant words were spoken, the head of the enemy, the blazing sparkle in his eye trying to kill Subaru, was severed at the neck.

Instead, emerging on the other side of the vanished enemy’s head was a stone-cold-looking Todd.

Subaru: [――――]

With a swing of the axe in his hand, Todd had decapitated the zombie.

The head that had been lopped off by Todd attempted to turn its hatred toward him,

Tanza: [How dare you!]

And then Tanza’s diving kick ruthlessly blew its head away. As it was, the Cyclops’ head continued to bounce down the street like a soccer ball.

Then the torso, having been left behind by its head, slowly crumbled, turning entirely into deep purple crystals.

Tanza: [Are you all right, Schwartz-sama!]

Subaru: [… Coughcough , I-I’m fine. Sorry, thanks for the help.]

Shaking off shards of the enemy’s collapsed torso, Subaru lifted his hand to Tanza running toward him, assuring her that he was unharmed.

Tanza was relieved to hear Subaru’s response, and then Subaru’s face turned into an expression of sudden realization,

Subaru: [Louis! Where’s Louis? She covered me and…]

Idra: [It’s nothing serious, it seems. Although it looks like she got hit by a piece of debris and has a concussion.]

The hasty Subaru received an answer from Idra, who was crouched a short distance away.

At his feet lay Louis, her upper body propped up, blood streaming from her forehead, her head swaying unsteadily.

Subaru: [Her head isn’t looking good…! Beatrice, please!]

Beatrice: [――. Of course, I know, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Please…!]

Subaru took in Louis’s condition and rushed to his feet, pulling Beatrice’s arm. For a moment, there was hesitation in her demeanor, but Subaru did not notice it.

Beatrice was the only one currently present who could use healing magic.

The other user, Rem, had been asked to go with the non-combatants to bypass the area of battle toward the inner city in order to avoid an all-out battle against a strong enemy.

The more they were able to pull the strong enemies away from beside the ramparts, the more likely it was that they would be able to get out of the city safely, but that was where the impact of the lack of possible healers came into play.

Subaru: [Louis, you’re going to be okay…!]

Subaru crouched down beside Louis with Beatrice as she held her hand over the wound on her forehead; while Beatrice activated the healing magic, Subaru held Louis’s hand.

Subaru’s tight grip was returned weakly, as he uttered a repeated “I’m sorry…”.

All he could do was apologize. For it had been entirely his fault.

Todd: [So that girl can use healing magic, too? You’ve sure got a lot of people with rare powers around.]

Todd then called out to Subaru, who was watching over Louis’s treatment.

He carried the axe that had decapitated the enemy’s head on his shoulder, fixing his gaze on Subaru’s slightly tense figure,

Todd: [And yet, if you keep being like that, their talent’s going to go to waste. You’re aware of that, aren’t you?]

Subaru: [Todd…]

Todd: [Those who place confidence that they won’t die in anything other than their own strengths are weak.]

Subaru: [――――]

Todd: [This applies not only to the Cyclops we just killed, but to you as well.]

The reason why he could not respond to those indifferent words was because they had unmistakably hit the mark.

That moment of weakness that had passed through Subaru’s mind as he saw his enemy shake off his looming defeat, grasping at victory. It was, as Todd said, the result of being overwhelmed by a thirst for life.

Subaru was not so naive as to dismiss it as a matter of course, but――.

Tanza: [Is it not rude to speak like that?]

Todd: [――――]

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama is someone who was of great contribution to the current battle. The way you talk about him, pointing that out, is…]

Todd: [Don’t snap at me. I acknowledge his contributions. It’s just that I think they’re insufficient. That, and the person who was of greatest contribution was either you or the girl that’s collapsed over there.]

Tanza’s cheeks stiffened upon that statement from Todd, pointing his chin towards the girl.

The girl who had taken a major role against such a strong opponent upon herself, did not seem to care about the praise directed at her, but was rather worried about Subaru, who had been struck with those heartless words.

She was a girl whose facial expression would scarcely be altered, but the feelings she kept hidden inside were rather strong.

Ever since the Gladiator Island, she had considerably deepened her relationship with Subaru, and so she would understandably display an attitude of anger on Subaru’s behalf if he were to be insulted.

The absence of Todd’s fiancée, Katya, from this situation also added to the intensity of her tone.

Tanza: [Do you consider yourself to be correct no matter what? In that case…]

Todd: [I said, don’t snap at me. What I said is just a fact. There are monsters out there so incredibly strong that they can be sure they won’t die, and there are others who think they won’t die for an external reason to that. ――Neither you nor I are either of those things.]

Tanza: [That is…]

Todd: [If the former is an ally, things go easily, but I wouldn’t want the latter to be an ally. If they’re an enemy, you’ll be able to take advantage of them, like we did just now. Your friend’s plan was spot on.]

Tanza: [――Hk, you do not…]

Speak for Schwartz-sama; had she tried to snap at him with such words?

With her face slightly flushed with anger, Tanza tried to snap at Todd. But quicker than Subaru could stop her, Idra intervened.

While he was supporting Louis’s body, he called out her name, “Tanza”,

Idra: [That’s enough. This isn’t like you. Your distinctive characteristic is that you always keep your cool, right?]

Tanza: […It is just that I am unskilled at managing the fluctuations of my emotions. Moreover, Idra-sama, you should also understand.]

Idra: [By understand, you mean…]

Tanza: [After all, Idra-sama, you and I are both connected to Schwartz-sama. Whatever Schwartz-sama is feeling, it should be transmitted to us in no small amount.]

Idra: [――――]

Idra frowned and kept his mouth shut at Tanza’s complaint as she kept her back turned. Seeing Idra’s expression directly in front of him, Subaru unconsciously gulped.

Although the Pleiades Battalion was graced by the exceptional strength they received from the effects of Subaru’s Cor Leonis, the members with whom Subaru had a close relationship―― Idra and the others who had originated from the same Unit, and Tanza, who had a closer relationship with Subaru than the others, received his deficiencies.

Subaru felt a sense of relief that Tanza and others did not see that as Subaru’s failure or lack of virtue.

On the other hand, he felt sorry, he felt that he was still lacking.

And thus, when Subaru had thought just that.

Louis: [Aa, uh.]

Suddenly, Louis squeezed Subaru’s hand back and let out a weak voice.

As usual, the details of what she meant, not having formed words, were not known. However, it was clear that she was concerned about Subaru. Even though she was in a situation where she was more injured than he was.

Beatrice: [If she can talk, there’s no need to worry, in fact. If the treatment is over, it would be best to take her outside and have Rem give her a checkup, I suppose.]

Subaru: [I, see. Yeah, that’s right. With great trouble, we’ve cleared the way. If we linger here…]

It’s not unlikely that other zombies will gather , making sure not to get those priorities backwards; it happened at that moment.

―― Whoosh , he heard a strange sound, cutting through the wind.

Subaru: [――――]

It sounded like the swinging of a rope with something light strapped to it, but the events that occurred immediately after he heard the sound of cutting wind, were not light whatsoever.

Tanza: [Kah]

A short groan spilled out, and Tanza’s body trembled.

Then, as she looked down at her shivering body, her round eyes widened. ――Having pierced through her back and abdomen, something akin to a tentacle with a sharp tip protruded.

The tentacle, having pierced Tanza’s small body, extended from the direction of the street that had been destroyed in the aftermath of the battle, a long way from where Subaru and the others were.

Extended like a writhing serpent, the origin of that tentacle had been――,

Subaru: […Huh?]

A grotesque torso growing from the head that had been kicked away, extending tentacles outwards, was the figure of the zombie from just before.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [――――]

A momentary standstill, Subaru’s thoughts were dyed white by the figure that trampled upon his imagination and understanding.

But in order to avoid that moment from becoming fatal, a voice spoke up.

Beatrice: [Subaru!]

Beside him, Beatrice’s face had turned pale as she screamed, bringing Subaru’s attention back to reality.

A sound like blood rushing through his head echoed in Subaru’s mind, and he once again took in the scene before him―― a one-eyed zombie standing on the destroyed street, its grotesque appearance caught in his gaze.

Their head had the same black eye with a golden pupil as before.

However, below the neck was not the sturdy body of a warrior, but a monster that could only be described as grotesque, with different thicknesses and lengths of paired left and right arms and legs.

From one of its arms, the monster extended a tentacle——No, that was not quite right. It was not a tentacle, but a finger, and it pierced through Tanza’s body.

Tanza: [――Ugh.]

The moment he saw it, the monster withdrew its long finger that had pierced through Tanza’s body, and her body trembled again.

Her body, pierced through the torso, spurted blood and she collapsed onto her knees with a powerless thud.

Subaru: [Tanza――!!]

Idra: [――Hk! This is bad! Schwartz!]

Immediately after his shout, Subaru, having reached out and began a sprint, was forcefully pushed by Idra’s palm, thrust out from besides him.

Subaru’s body flew through the air without resistance due to Idra’s enhanced push. However, through his inverted vision, he quickly realized that Idra’s push was the correct decision.

The monster’s shriveled fingers had struck the position where Subaru had been until just before.

The pavement and buildings along the way had been sliced vertically with terrifying sharpness, destroying the city; were it not for Idra’s push, Subaru’s body would have been sliced as well, possibly.

As it was, Subaru’s body continued to fly through the air with great momentum――,

Todd: [Tch! Don’t tell me it regenerated from its decapitated head.]

Todd grabbed hold of Subaru with his arm, reaching up from below.

Stiffening at the sound of Todd’s voice coming from overhead, Subaru was shocked by the meaning of his words―― to regenerate from a severed head, “You gotta be kidding me”, he muttered.

Todd: [Even though we crushed and crystallized its torso, it’s still moving! How is this possible!?]

Subaru: [I don’t want to admit it, but we’ve got to face the reality that it exists. That eerie appearance of theirs…]

Beatrice: [That’s because the formula for regenerating its body is bugged , in fact!]

Beatrice was the one who provided an answer to Todd’s question, holding Subaru.

She was wearing a look of frustration on her cute face, staring at the grotesque monster,

Beatrice: [Perhaps it’s the result of rejecting death from damage that should have killed it, I suppose!]

Todd: [――. In other words, it clings to its life even more than other zombies … No, since they already died, it might be more appropriate to say that they more stubbornly clinging to death?]

Subaru: [Ugh…! Beatrice! Idra! Hurry and save Tanza…!]

Idra: [I know! I know, but…]

In response to Subaru’s desperate plea, Idra gritted his teeth and raised his voice.

He shared the same concern for the injured Tanza. However, if they acted recklessly, they would draw the attention of the monster. It was already evident that the monster’s attacks could reach the Pleiades Battalion.

If even Idra were to fall, their chances of winning would vanish.

That was――,

Subaru: [I mean, in the first place…]

Louis had been injured by the fragments, and Tanza also had suffered serious injuries that were clearly life-threatening.

The zombie that they thought they had beaten not only had not been completely defeated, but they had also transformed into a grotesque creature that stood in their way. This situation seemed as if they had entered a dead-end loop.

Subaru: [――Don’t be ridiculous.]

Subaru cut off the foolish thought that had briefly crossed his mind.

A dead end of fate, there were loops that could not be resolved no matter what one did. Todd, who carried Subaru, had even brought about such a situation before.

However, Subaru was there. ――Moreover, Subaru had been saved.

Even if he had given up on himself, he could not give up on everyone else.

Todd: [――You have a disgusting look in your eyes.]

Subaru: [Eh?]

Todd: [That’s the look of someone who treats their own life and the lives of others differently.]

Subaru switched gears with a loud sound in his mind. Todd muttered those words while looking closely at Subaru’s expression, but Subaru could not understand what was going through his mind.

There was no doubt, however, that disgust must have been seeping through.

Todd: [Let’s go.]

After saying that briefly, Todd kicked the ground strongly while holding Subaru.

And then, unbelievably, he turned his back on Tanza, Beatrice, and everyone else and made a beeline for escape.

Subaru: [Wha!? What are you doing! If we separate from everyone…]

Todd: [You’re the one who needs to look closely. That thing’s aim is the two of us, both you and I.]

As he said that, Todd leaned his body and jumped into a side road.

In that moment, Todd’s afterimage was grazed by a finger that seemed to pierce through the pavement, and the smell of burning air tickled Subaru’s nostrils.

For a moment, something flashed before his eyes.

It was that monstrous creature, its single eye glowing ominously, chasing after Subaru and the others.

Todd: [That thing’s target seems to be me, who killed it first, and you, who killed it the second time.]

Subaru: […hk! So you lured it away from everyone else?]

Todd: [When others are involved, you don’t think straight.]

With that declaration, Todd looked down at Subaru with his green eyes.

Held by him, Subaru was shaken, and as he was stared at by those icy eyes, he felt a fear equal to or greater than the approaching grotesque figure.

Even in this situation, Todd’s gaze towards Subaru was nothing more than appraisal.

Todd: [Can you think of a way to take it down without your partner?]

Subaru: [What if no way exists?]

Todd: [In that case then, although I hate it, we can do nothing but leave things to chance.]

Subaru understood that Todd did not really mean what he said.

Since they shared the same conditions of being targeted, Todd would use Subaru as a decoy and make a run for it if the situation turned unfavorable for him.

He was not doing it right now because the plan of using Subaru as bait to escape had a low chance of success.

Conversely――,

Subaru: [――If there’s a way, you’ll lend me a hand, right?]

Todd: [――――]

In response to Subaru’s question, Todd’s expression tightened again.

Todd skillfully used the obstacles to hide from the monster’s line of sight and evade his attacks. Meanwhile Subaru, while being carried by him, kept scanning his surroundings looking for a particular building inside the Imperial Capital.

It was the building that Idra had mentioned as they escaped.

He had come up with a plan besides the one to hit with Minya, but since he had no way to lure the enemy to the building, he had eliminated it as an option――.

Todd: [Can you do it?]

Subaru: [――I’ll do it.]

Todd: [――――]

As soon as Subaru answered the question, Todd raised his eyebrows slightly in surprise, and then sneered with a cruel twist at the corners of his mouth.

And then――,

Todd: [All right. ――I’ll follow your plan.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――As he chased after his fleeing targets, the “Giant Eye” Izmail’s thoughts had shattered to thousands of pieces.

Izmail: [――――]

With flickering vision and scattered thoughts, his boorish movements were far from refined.

With limbs of varying lengths scraping against the ground, with instability akin to a newborn beast, as he was crashing into walls and against the ground, he stretched his hands, his fingers, out towards those backs that were growing distant.

The reason for his obsession over those two fleeing enemies, was something Izmail could no longer recall.

With the fact that it had once been Izmail already fading into oblivion, the grotesque monster grew new limbs from the cracks that it sustained every time it fell, continuously furthering its repulsiveness.

――That was undoubtedly the obstreperous behavior of the regeneration ability that Beatrice had pointed out.

However, after being resurrected by the will of another, those mutations occurring in Izmail’s body, which had been exceptionally estranged from the concept of death, were something that not even the caster would be able to control.

Achieving its goal, slaughtering the two targets of its obsession, what would become of the monster thereafter?

Izmail: [O̴̖̻̣̝͗̉̈O̶͔̗̥͆̋̑o̶̟̝̽ͅo̸͇͆̔͜ö̵̰̼̘͇́ò̸͓̞͝…]

Eerily letting out hollow roars, that was something of no interest whatsoever to this monster.

Izmail: [――――]

The larger of his two targets was carrying the smaller one as they fled, and as soon as it seemed like he could seize their backs, they would pull away, and so the situation that forced him to repeat his unsuccessful strikes continued.

However, his opponents could not keep fleeing forever. Through continuing his unshapely sprint, limbs had grown all over his fallen body, to the point that Izmail could no longer fall.

And since he would not fall, it stood to reason that the one with more limbs would run faster.

Therefore, to his targets trying to escape, little-by-little, little-by-little-by-little-by-little, Izmail shortened the distance, shortening it and shortening it and shortening it――.

Izmail: [B̵̗͗l̸̳͕͗̚͝ų̴͇̫̮̆̓è̷̛͉̖̺̌͝!]

With a short roar, Izmail’s finger gouged his fleeing target’s back and shoulders.

Blood spurted, and a heinous smile appeared on Izmail’s face as he heard the screams of his enemy. It felt good. With incredible enjoyment, more and more blood, more and more screams, he wanted to hear.

Recklessly taking a turn onto another path, his opponents, unlike how they had been up to this point, gave off a sense of desperation.

Chased by Izmail, being caught up to by the monster, hating the idea of being torn to shreds, his targets desperately fled. Aiming for their limbs, especially those on their upper bodies, he would wound them.

If he aimed for their legs, his targets would no longer be able to escape. If that happened, then this would come to an end.

If it ended, he would be lonely. If it ended, he would be disappointed.

That was why, forever and ever, in order for it not to end――.

Izmail: [Ö̷͚̜̯́̀͝Ơ̸̛̙͎͍̖͋͌Ǫ̷̦̓̈̈́͝ͅͅO̷̙͉͒̑̌̐o̷̩̞̟͋̄̓ǫ̸͔̲͗̋o̵͉̮̰͌͝ǫ̵̐̽̓ò̶̮̟̟͕̂͒ṉ̴̡̂̄]

Raising a low war cry that caused the air to tremble, Izmail smashed into buildings and trampled the streets, kicking off the flooded ground in pursuit of his targets.

He closed the distance in an instant; perhaps the stamina of his fleeing enemy had finally been exhausted, and shedding blood, they clicked their tongue as they leapt into a nearby building.

With nowhere to run, they made the foolish choice to dive into a dead end.

Sensing the end of this hunting period, Izmail―― No, the monster that had ceased to be Izmail, tore down the closed door and slipped inside.

His limbs had multiplied, his body had swelled, and with a frame incomparably larger than his original body, he became unable to easily open the door and enter the building.

Then, entering the dim building into which his targets had fled, the monster looked around inside.

The sources of light were meager, but even if he had transformed into such a grotesque state, his special eye alone remained unchanged. With a blink, he switched the way he saw the world, and searched for the figures of his hidden prey.

As he searched, the monster realized.

Izmail: [――――]

――In the building it had entered, there was so much flour fluttering around that it was enough to stain the monster’s entire body white.

The darkness was not the only reason for his hazy vision, but also because the air inside of the building was filled with scattered flour. Looking around, he saw that the building was lined with shelves, and that each shelf had been lined with sacks filled to the extent of bursting.

Those sacks had been torn open and a large quantity of flour had been scattered throughout the building.

???: [The thing that beats you isn’t gonna be magic or a killer technique.]

At the same time the flour-covered monster had noticed the situation inside of the building, he heard that voice from behind. The monster turned around, and in his field of view, there was a small, bright-red silhouette.

It was one of the fleeing targets――No, at some point, the fleeing target had become just one person. Separated from the larger one, the smaller one that he had lost sight of now stood there.

And then――,

???: [Eat this, the soul of science—— Dust explosion!!]

Right after that shout, the small figure’s surroundings were also all dyed red in one fell swoop――,

――A tremendous explosion blew away the flour mill, and the monster was engulfed by a bright crimson lotus.

△▼△▼△▼△

Idra: [――Schwartz, look, let’s use that flour mill as a landmark. It’s the building with the waterwheel beside it.]

Idra, taking the non-combatants with him and staying vigilant of his surroundings while spurring on the Galewind Horse, was the son of a miller before he had been sent to the Gladiator Island.

Subaru had not known exactly what role a miller played, but he had been told that they used the power of a waterwheel to grind wheat into flour.

In other words――,

Subaru: [If we use the ingredients in that mill, we can make a dust explosion.]

A dust explosion was a phenomenon in which flammable powdery materials were scattered in the air, and when kindled, fire would spread in a chain reaction, igniting and exploding all at once.

In addition to the enclosed space of the flour mill, with a large amount of wheat flour fluttering about, if an incendiary material were dropped in with definite vigor――,

Subaru: […I had no idea it would end up being this powerful.]

Leaning his back against the battered wall, Subaru muttered while coughing.

In front of Subaru’s eyes was the flour mill that had been blown to grains by the dust explosion that was triggered, and the charred remains of the monster that had been engulfed in it.

The plan that had come to Subaru’s mind, at a time he and Todd needed to bait and defeat the monster together, had been to make a dust explosion using the flour mill.

Of course, a dust explosion was not something that was easy to pull off, and he had no confidence that he would be able to successfully lead his opponent there in the first place.

Therefore, it was not just Subaru’s strength that had made the plan so successful.

Subaru: […Are you alive, Todd?]

Blown away by the impact of the explosion, Subaru stood up, blinking his eyes while shaking his head.

After the division of roles, Todd had taken on the duty of drawing the monster’s attention and running away until the flour mill was ready, while Subaru snuck into the mill and spread the dust aptly through the building.

Then, upon seeing that the time was right, Todd would burst into the mill, and throw an incendiary at the place where he had guided the monster to. Todd had also been the one to prepare that incendiary.

Subaru: [Todd, Todd…!]

???: […You don’t have to call out to me so pathetically. I’m still alive.]

Subaru: [――Hk!]

Subaru, who had been calling out to the area around the epicenter of the explosion, evidenced by the many embers that remained, heard a slightly hoarse voice; then, he turned to face in that direction.

Looking over, he spotted where the wall of the mill had exploded onto the destroyed street, coming to lay eyes upon Todd on one knee. Once he saw Subaru walking towards him, he spat out the saliva in his mouth and said,

Todd: [You nearly got me killed there, man.]

Subaru: […You’re making me look like the bad guy. After all, I told you it’d be very powerful, yeah?]

Todd: [An accident like this does happen from time-to-time, but when I heard the principle behind it, it made sense.]

As expected, Todd was breathing with difficulty as he fell back onto the street. Then, as he looked toward the blown-up mill,

Todd: [What happened to our opponent?]

Subaru: [He was blown away. Completely… Look.]

With that, Subaru pointed to a part of the blown-up monster that was just visible from their position. Then, a part that was seared by the embers crumbled like sand and lost its shape.

Like the dispersal of the other zombies, it was the result of completely crushing its regenerative abilities.

Subaru: [How are your injuries?]

Confirming that they had defeated the formidable zombie this time around, Subaru asked Todd a question.

In the division of roles, Todd had no choice but to play the role of decoy as he was able to keep running for a while longer, since they could not afford to be caught by the enemy. However, he had volunteered for the role himself.

It had defied Subaru’s expectations that Todd would absolutely avoid any plan that would endanger his own life.

Todd: [It wouldn’t make for a good story if I lost my life that easily while being unwilling to suffer fresh wounds. We both just did our required roles. Although…]

Subaru: [Uh…]

Todd: [I was gouged out pretty much everywhere. I feel like I’m missing a lot of blood.]

As he said this, Todd raised a hand, and it was clear that his injury was quite severe.

Although he had no wounds that could be called deep, his shoulders and thighs were soaked with blood, and his face was pale from the amount of blood that he had lost.

If left unchecked, it would undoubtedly endanger his life.

Subaru: [I’ll immediately――]

Go and call Beatrice , Subaru tried to move with such intentions.

With Subaru and Todd’s separation, Beatrice would have surely been left in a panic. But, he was sure that she would prioritize Tanza’s treatment.

Louis and Tanza’s safety was also a concern, so they needed to hurry to meet up with Beatrice and the others.

And then――,

Todd: [――After all, if we’ve done this much, Katya won’t be able to complain.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Todd: [We talked about this at the mansion, didn’t we? Because she seems to think I’m lazy. I helped us escape, defeated a really strong enemy, and even suffered honorable injuries. Don’t tell me you’re also going to take all the credit for yourself, huh?]

Todd said that with a shrug of his shoulders and a pale face that was drained of blood. For a moment, Subaru was taken aback before letting out a “Hah”, exhaling a weak breath.

Despite being in such a battered state, the one that still weighed on his mind was Katya. Perhaps he had also planned to untie Subaru’s mental tension, but either way.

Subaru: [Katya-san truly is important to you, huh.]

Todd: [That’s a given. She’s my fiancée. Katya is my very life.]

Todd declared this without any shame.

Upon hearing that response, Subaru took a deep breath, held it momentarily, and then by saying “Alright”, he fired himself up.

Even now, he was afraid of Todd. The things that man had done had left deep scars on his heart.

Still, the fact remained that they had cooperated to defeat that monster here. Even to the extent of getting completely battered, Todd had devoted himself to ensuring everyone, including Subaru and his friends, could get out of this alive.

If that was the case, then now it was Subaru’s turn.

Subaru: [Wait here… No, someone who heard the explosion might come here. For now, just return with me along the way. Once we find a suitable place, wait for me there.]

Todd: [Ahh, I understand. I’m counting on you, so please don’t leave me behind.]

Subaru: [I wouldn’t do that!]

Todd made Subaru think that it may have been possible to finish things without doing that.

However, even if Subaru’s position towards Todd had been a hostile one, he was unsure of whether he could have left him there on the verge of death.

Subaru: [No, if I overthink it, I’ll get stuck in a rut. Anyway――]

Even if he were to lend a shoulder to Todd, their height difference would make it difficult. Subaru looked around the blown-off mill, hoping to find something he could use as a makeshift cane.

Then, he found a support pole for a shelf that had been blown into the midst of the embers――

Subaru: [――――]

――At that moment, a hard sound rang out.

Subaru: […Why.]

The moment the hard sound resounded, Subaru cast his eyes down and tightly clenched his fist. As his lips trembled, shoulders trembled in fear, and black eyes trembled, he muttered.

Subaru: [Why.]

Todd: [――――]

His question receiving no response, Subaru turned around as he exhaled.

Having turned around, before Subaru’s eyes was the blade of an axe that had been swung down, stopped just a hair’s breadth away from crushing his skull.

――For it was restrained by that which was visible to none but Subaru, the Unseen Hand.

Todd: [Tch, my bad, my bad.]

With a small click of his tongue, Todd released the axe from his hand and jumped backwards. His swift movements showing no signs of blood loss or injury, Subaru grit his teeth.

Even that had been an act. The pain from his injuries, the plea for help from Subaru, speaking of his feelings for Katya, which had softened Subaru’s heart, all of it had been just an act.

Subaru: [WHY…?!]

Three times, Subaru had fired off the same question, glaring at Todd with a face that looked like it was about to cry.

While glaring at him, he felt tears welling up from the overwhelming frustration.

Subaru: [Up until now, you haven’t done anything. You haven’t killed anyone. I could have even forgiven you!!]

Todd: [Quietly, you’ve slowly damaged my trust in you.]

Listening to Subaru’s screams, drawing a knife in place of the axe he had released, Todd readied himself.

That had been the declaration of the irreparable separation between Natsuki Subaru and Todd Fang.

--- Chapter 6: Won’t Beg for Forgiveness ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

As blood was gushing from his gouged shoulder and thigh, the rough breaths filled with a feverish heat and his blood-drained complexion made it evident that the countdown to his death was ticking.

Unless he received treatment immediately, his life would be in danger, as the countdown could not be stopped.

However, if healing magic were to be cast, he would definitely be saved. It was an absolutely treatable injury.

Subaru: [Even so, why…]

Next to the pulverized mill, amidst the lingering smell of burnt wood from the remaining embers, Subaru faced off against an “enemy” in the increasingly flooded, even if slowly, Imperial Capital.

And yet, it was someone who no longer could be called an “enemy”, Todd Fang.

――Calling Todd an “enemy” was not something Subaru wanted to do anymore.

Ever since their very first meeting, Todd had continuously subjected him to all sorts of grief. Subaru had been targeted and killed numerous times, with death and fear etched into his memories that fostered a deep-seated grudge.

Each time Subaru had dealt with Todd’s attacks, and Returned by Death, he had ultimately undone each and every tragedy that occurred.

The forest that the People of Shudraq lived in had been burned down, leading to their annihilation. In the surprise attack on the Fortress City of Guaral, Flop had been killed numerous times. During the operation to capture the City Hall of Guaral, Subaru had experienced the feeling of walking on a tightrope that had been set ablaze.

The pinnacle of it all had been the massacre on the Gladiator Island, on Ginunhive, where Tanza, Idra, Hiain, Weitz, Gustav, Old Man Null, and many other companions on the island had all been killed. However, Subaru had even managed to overturn that outcome.

Subaru had no intention of pretending like Todd’s actions had never happened.

It was just that through Subaru’s struggles of protecting what was dear to him by Returning by Death, these actions by Todd had gradually been erased.

The reason why Subaru regarded Todd as an enemy was something that existed only within Subaru’s mind.

And finally, now that an unprecedented disaster had struck the Imperial Capital and they were forced to retreat, Todd showed a willingness to cooperate with Subaru and the others to protect his fiancée.

Indeed, without Todd’s cooperation, it would have been difficult to find effective countermeasures against the overflow of zombies, and it would have taken numerous retries to achieve an outcome where everyone escaped.

The same was true for the battle with that zombie, with the one-eyed warrior.

In order to defeat that twisted enemy who had transformed into a monster, Subaru had also required Todd’s cooperation. They both knew that without each other, their lives would be at risk.

That was why they had needed just one more step.

If only he had taken one more step, Subaru could have walked alongside Todd while bottling up his conflicting emotions.

And yet――,

Subaru: [Why…!]

Todd: [Don’t speak so hypocritically. You averted this just now because you also had a slight hunch. It’s not like you reacted to my intent to kill, you were just wary the whole time, right?]

Todd closed his bloodshot right eye as Subaru spoke with a trembling voice.

With a face that seemed like he was dealing with an unreasonable child, Todd’s gaze fell on the axe floating in the air―― or that was how it would have appeared to him as the weapon was grabbed by a black hand.

In Subaru’s mind, the axe was synonymous with Todd.

Subaru had experienced being struck in the head with Todd’s axe more than once or twice. Even though he had taken it away from Todd’s hand, just seeing it at the corner of his vision was enough to make Subaru’s teeth grind in unease.

Todd had hit the nail on the head. Subaru had been wary of him all along.

So, once he had turned his back on the injured Todd, Subaru had activated Invisible Providence to protect his head, as that would have been the surest way to kill him in case he was targeted.

However, he had certainly not wished for it to happen.

Nothing that occurred should have ever happened.

In that case――,

Todd: [My bad, my bad. I fell right for your trap.]

Subaru: [That’s not true…]

Todd: [We’re separated from the others, so right after we took care of the enemy, I thought that was my chance but… You’re quite the actor.]

Subaru: [You’re wrong…]

Todd: [Did you plan to blow me up with that explosion earlier? If that was the case, it’s too bad that your aim was off.]

Subaru: [No! I really wanted to cooperate with you…!]

Todd: [――Spare me with your lies.]

Subaru’s throat gulped as Todd’s cold voice hit.

With one eye closed, Todd looked into Subaru’s eyes with a gaze devoid of heat and humidity. His gaze did not contain any hint of evaluating Subaru, which it had just moments ago.

Todd had already finished appraising Subaru, and that was why he was like this now.

Todd: [You should get it deep down as well. We just can’t understand each other.]

Subaru: [――――]

Todd: [I am outwardly suspicious of others, and you believe others to a fault. No matter how many words we exchange, our values ​​are different.]

Slowly changing position, Todd cautiously watched Subaru, especially his axe that floated in the air. Subaru also bit his lip and glared at Todd with sorrow over the hovering axe.

They could not understand each other, Todd had said. Subaru continued to wonder if that was really the case.

He wondered if there really was no way to make it work.

Subaru: [If you kill me here, how will you handle the zombies and…]

Todd: [You don’t know when to quit. As long as I get out of the Imperial Capital, it’s all good. Thanks to your help, we were able to get Katya to the city walls. After that, I’m better off without you.]

Subaru: [Why! I have no intention to hurt Katya-san! I didn’t even intend to fight you! And yet!]

Todd: [――But you were willing to choose whether to save Katya or not, right?]

Subaru: [Huh…?]

Todd, standing in front of Subaru, who was raising his voice, said one cold comment.

Subaru’s cheeks hardened as he felt like he had been doused with cold water by Todd’s words.

He had no idea what he had meant.

To begin with, that was at odds with what Subaru was claiming. There was no need to choose as Subaru had no intention of harming Katya in the first place, so such an accusation was misplaced.

And yet, Subaru’s thoughts were frozen.

――Todd did not miss that moment.

Todd: [――I won’t beg for your forgiveness.]

Slipping through the opening of Subaru stumbling over his words, Todd lowered his stance and lunged at him.

The feeling of the shrinking distance between the two sides was so great that every cell in Subaru’s body screamed. Subaru immediately commanded his Unseen Hand, which was extended in the air, to throw the axe he had seized back at Todd.

However――,

Subaru: [Gyah, gaaah!!?]

Instantly, Subaru’s vision was dyed bright red by a burning sensation that pierced his right thigh.

A knife was sticking out of Subaru’s right thigh.

It had been in Todd’s hand just a moment ago. Right before he leapt, he had thrown it into Subaru’s thigh while Subaru was unable to think, and he unfortunately took the brunt of it.

Then, while he was distracted by the pain, the Unseen Hand that was supposed to have thrown the axe was disrupted―― the floating axe was snatched back, and Todd’s forward kick smashed into Subaru’s chest.

Subaru: [Oof!]

Subaru’s body fell backward with a cry of pain, unable to put weight on his stabbed leg. His back was struck, the back of his head was struck, thus his scattered thoughts became even more fragmented.

His legs, chest, head, back, and then, the blade of the axe falling in front of him――.

Subaru: [AHHHHHH!]

He frantically shouted and forced the black hand to stop the axe in the midst of swinging down.

The overused Unseen Hand protruded from Subaru’s chest to stop the axe that approached the tip of his nose, and he mobilized his own two hands to keep the trembling blade from falling, resisting the murderous intent with his three arms.

Then Todd, holding the axe, also pushed in with all his might to force down the jostling blade.

His leg that was stabbed hurt. His chest where he was kicked hurt. His back where he was hit hurt. His head hurt as well. If this axe were to go through his face, it would hurt more than all of that and would furthermore hurt to the point of death.

Todd: [You’re, too tenacious…! Give up and die already…!]

Subaru: [No, way… Absolutely, no way…!]

With his hand on the ridge of the axe, Todd used his full weight to try and kill Subaru.

Subaru resisted with his three arms, the Unseen Hand included, but the child’s two hands and Authority, which had little advantage other than being invisible, could not push Todd away.

From the outside, it would appear to be a very absurd and miserable deathmatch.

The battle between Subaru and Todd was crude and unceremonious at such a critical juncture in the battle for the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, where a multitude of soldiers and warriors competed with their well-honed skills and weapons.

They had no trained skills, no special weapons, nor trump cards that could overpower others.

By the standards of the Vollachian Empire, this was a low-level battle of life and death―― The decisive battle between Natsuki Subaru and Todd Fang, two people who could not understand each other.

Todd: [You’re too damn inconsistent! Your eyes say that you’re willing to die at any moment, you’re willing to put other people’s lives on a scale selfishly, but when it comes to this, you’re desperate to resist. It’s creepy!]

Subaru: [Don’t say, something so unreasonable…! Like hell I think I’m ready to die whenever. I’ve also never put anyone’s life, on a scale…! I don’t want to die!]

Todd: [Die!]

Subaru: [No!]

Todd’s eyes, chilled with a black, murderous intent, were about to freeze Subaru’s racing heart. While the grinding struggle of the blade of the axe that was locked between the two continued, their fierce battle could not go on forever.

Because――,

Subaru: [Guh, geh…]

Subaru stifled a grunt in the back of his throat as blood trickled from his earlobes.

It was the backlash due to the heavy use of the Authority of Unseen Hand. This was a screaming warning signal from Subaru’s eroding body. However, he had no choice but to rely on it. Otherwise, the falling blade would cleave Subaru’s face in two.

Todd: [That strange trick seems to be nearing its limits.]

The ghastly look on Subaru’s face and the outpouring of blood helped Todd understand the repercussions of using the Unseen Hand. He knew that if he kept on going at this pace, Subaru would reach his limit first.

Before that happened, no matter what it took―― that was what he thought at that moment.

Both: [――Hk!?]

Subaru and Todd, vying for the deadly axe, were momentarily distracted by a tremendous roar.

It was something far away from the center of the Imperial Capital, far away from Subaru and his companions―― the reservoir at the edge of the city, beyond the Crystal Palace, which held back a large amount of water, had reached its limit and was starting to crumble.

With a roar, cracks burst open through the entire retaining wall, and a tremendous amount of water surged into the Imperial Capital. It was like a giant wave was advancing into a world without any oceans and as the surging waves swept through the Imperial Capital, the aftermath reached all the way to Subaru and Todd’s deadly exchange.

And then――,

Subaru: [Uh, ahhhh――!!]

Todd: [――Hk.]

For a brief moment, Todd’s attention was diverted to the roaring sound, and Subaru gathered all the strength he could muster.

As his body laid on the ground, forgetting the pain of the knife buried in his leg for the moment, he turned over onto his side and pulled the axe blade with all the might of his Unseen Hand so it struck the ground next to his head.

Even Todd, who had been putting all his strength into the axe, could not defy such momentum. The axe dropped right next to Subaru’s head and Todd fell to the ground with it.

Subaru: [ Haa , haa … phew .]

Subaru continued to roll sideways with his momentum, as to create distance between him and Todd and the axe.

The knife in his leg repeatedly struck the ground and caused him severe pain. He cried as he rolled over, enduring the agony since getting away was more important to him.

Eventually, after what felt like ten or twenty rolls, Subaru’s body hit the remnants of a building, forcing him to stop. There, he somehow managed to get up onto his arms, bleeding from his cut forehead―― and then he spotted it.

Todd: […This guy is just utterly infuriating.]

Todd rose to his knees, mumbling in anger. As he turned to face the distanced Subaru, he noticed the axe deeply embedded in his left shoulder.

Subaru: [――――]

When Subaru had managed to avoid the axe in his desperate attempt, Todd had fallen on top of it.

The blade of the axe was buried deep, splitting his collarbone so far that it looked like it had reached his heart, but Todd, wiping his mouth and spitting out blood, showed none of the weakness of a dying man.

It was like he was almost too tough.

His body had been cut in various places due to his role as a decoy for the zombies, he had received collateral damage from the dust explosion, and to top it all off, he had an axe sticking out of his body, but he did not seem to be concerned about it.

The reason for Todd’s nonchalance finally became clear to Subaru.

That was――,

Todd: [――You noticed it? My bad, my bad.]

There was a clear irritation in Todd’s tone that lacked frivolity or leeway.

It was a voice full of excessive anger at himself rather than at his opponent for his own failure of letting something be seen that no one ever was meant to see and that he never wanted to reveal either.

While fully displaying his anger, Todd violently ripped the axe out of his own shoulder. The badly mangled-wound spurted blood just once strongly―― then stopped bleeding right away.

That ability to recover was something that would have evolved in a species in order to prevent negative effects of injuries from being too great while in combat or while hunting. It was the kind of recoverability that Subaru had witnessed several times in this other world.

Although there was no discernible difference from Subaru in terms of appearance, there was definitely different blood flowing in his veins.

He was demi-human. And――,

Subaru: [――Are you, half-beastman?]

Todd: [Correct. But that’s not all of it by itself.]

In front of the puzzled Subaru, Todd narrowed his eyes and affirmed only half of his suspicions. Todd answered Subaru’s question with half an answer.

His cheeks contorted inhumanely, his eyes lit up with blood-colored fury――,

Todd: [――I’m a werewolf.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――In this world, there were certain things that were considered abhorrent just by their mere existence.

Half-elves stood out pre-eminently among such abhorred beings, possessing the disadvantage of being tied to the Witch who had once nearly destroyed the world. That reputation was shared across all countries.

Elsewhere, hairless demi-humans were considered to be an unlucky thing in the Kararagi City-States; and, in the Holy Kingdom of Gusteko, the closer the hair and eyes approached to black, the more alienated one would be, as they would be considered to be disliked by the Spirits.

Similarly, within the Vollachian Empire, where various demi-human races coexisted, there were two races whose existence was frowned upon―― the molepeople and the wolfpeople.

In ancient times, these two races, the molepeople and the wolfpeople, were said to have been condemned for betraying the most beloved woman in the Vollachian Empire and putting her to death, a crime for which they would never be forgiven.

As a result, the molepeople had abandoned their homeland and escaped out of the country by digging into the earth. And, the wolfpeople who did not know how to escape, had been hunted down to the point of extinction.

The wrath of this Empire extended to neighboring lands, and if any molepeople or wolfpeople were to be found in another country, they would be deported across the border to the Empire to be executed. This was the history of the molepeople and wolfpeople―― Hunts, as they were commonly called.

In modern times, it was said that the molepeople used their abilities to burrow under the earth to hide from the outside world. As for the surviving wolfpeople, they disguised their origins as dogpeople in order to hide their true identities, and only one person in the world―― Halibel, the Admirer, the strongest in the Kararagi City-States, did publicly advocate himself as a wolfperson.

An Empire that relentlessly hunted wolfpeople, whose national crest was ironically a wolf pierced by swords.

The Sword Wolf was the most revered symbol in the Empire, whereas the wolf that ran away for fear of being pierced by a sword was the most despised.

Therefore, in this world, both the existence of wolfpeople and half-beastmen of wolfpeople blood―― “werewolves”, continued to bear a curse that could never be forgiven.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [ Wear… wulf …]

Subaru was absolutely stunned upon that declaration of Todd’s, twirling the axe he had pulled from his own shoulder in his hand.

Knowing about the little-known secret of Todd, who was someone who had often clashed with him, and not knowing which emotion to feel, positive or negative, was one thing, but what he felt more than anything else was fear.

It had been an instinctive aversion to the sound that had reached his ears, “werewolf”.

――Subaru had no knowledge of the history of the ostracization of werewolves in this world.

He knew nothing of the fact that both wolfpeople and molepeople were abhorred in the Empire, that the reason for this was the betrayal of a woman named Iris, that her true identity was Yorna Mishigure, or that her beloved Emperor was not Vincent Vollachia.

He knew nothing of any of the underlying circumstances.

Even without knowing anything about them, Subaru’s soul understood. ――How alien the existence of werewolves was in this world.

Todd: [That look of surprise is a little different than I expected. You looked surprised that I was half-beastman, but not surprised that I’m a werewolf.]

Todd looked at the silent Subaru and furrowed his eyebrows with a face that looked as if he was throwing away his expectations.

Todd: [But now we can do this without any strange reservations, right? Werewolves are meant to be hung. It’s a curse that runs in their blood. You too――]

Subaru: [Why?]

Todd: [Hmm?]

Subaru: [Why, does it come to this? I’ve never…]

He could not say that he had never thought about killing Todd.

But this was not because of Todd’s blood or his origins, but because his own actions were incompatible with Subaru’s, and he had no choice but to clash with him.

And yet, the way Todd spoke now――,

Subaru: [Don’t act like your blood is the reason you became my enemy.]

Todd: [――――]

Subaru: [You ran into me, many times, because it was a problem between you and me! Not because of what you are or because your blood provoked me!]

Gritting his molars, Subaru pressed his fist into the ground and raised himself up.

The intense pain from the knife in his leg raced through his body at great speed, but it also clarified his consciousness, it clarified the anger seething in his chest.

Subaru: [And you have the nerve of saying it’s because you’re a werewolf or something of the sort, because that’s what’s convenient for you…!]

Todd: [Oioi, it’s convenient for me? I won’t listen to this, coming from you…]

Subaru: [Shut the hell up! Why, why are you like this!?]

Not a single thing had gone Subaru’s way; when he had positive feelings, it would cause negative actions, and when he had positive thoughts, it would cause negative problems.

After helping Katya, saving Rem and Flop, and joining forces to defeat that formidable zombie, he had now tried to kill Subaru, rebuking his thoughts, and to top that off, he was a werewolf.

Subaru: [Why, why!?]

Todd: [Don’t go off and talk about the circumstances of people’s birth. It’s just how it is. My mother might have slept with a dog. Come to think of it, there was always a big dog living in the back of the house, maybe that was my dad?]

Subaru: [No, I’m not the one talking about it! You’re the one who’s talking about your birth!]

Todd: [――――]

Subaru: [I’m not the one who’s looking at you like that…!]

Subaru had no idea what kind of life Todd had experienced as a werewolf.

Nor did he even want to know. If he knew, he would probably search for a reason to forgive Todd. Therefore, he did not want to know. Subaru did not want to forgive Todd for some unavoidable reason.

That was why――,

Subaru: [――I’ve made up my mind.]

Subaru muttered, his voice strained, his head jumbled with anger and pain.

Hearing Subaru’s muttering, Todd’s eyes narrowed. Even without words, the silence prompted him to wonder what he had decided to do.

So prompted, Subaru announced his decision.

Subaru: [I’m not going to kill you. It’s not going to go the way you want.]

Todd: [――――]

At Subaru’s quiet declaration, Todd had nothing to say in return.

However, he did not remain silent. ――He laughed.

Todd: [Ha, hahaha, ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!]

Ruffling his hair with the hand not holding the axe, Todd opened his mouth and laughed. Not caring that his hair and forehead were being stained with blood, Todd opened his mouth wide and burst out in laughter.

Then, after laughing for a while, he gently shook his head,

Todd: [You’re a monster. Much more so than that zombie .]

More clearly than ever, he glared at Subaru with emotion visible in his eyes.

Subaru understood what it was, the emotion that was hidden behind that black murderous intent; this was the first time it was revealed. Many times before, he had seen it in the mirror.

It was fear. ――It was the fear of incomprehensible things that brought Death.

Todd: [Lack of self-awareness is a bad trait. You’re choosing between lives. Who to save, who to let die, you’re deciding as you please. You show favor towards those who butter you up, but don’t care about those who don’t. Me, I wouldn’t hesitate to butter anyone up, but…]

Subaru: [――――]

Todd: [How could I go along with someone who decides who lives or dies based on his own fickle whims?]

――That was Todd Fang’s ultimatum.

Subaru: [――――]

Having spat that out, Todd’s bones creaked as his form changed.

The wounds peeking through the tears of his Imperial Soldier’s uniform closed, his skin was covered with animal hair that matched the color of the hair atop his head. His nose protruded and his mouth grew wide as if it were ripping open, newly-grown white teeth began to sharpen, transforming his appearance into that of a ferocious beast.

He looked just as he had declared. A werewolf.

He stood on two legs, handled his weapon with two arms, and would bite the life out of his opponent with his ferocious fangs. He had transformed into that type of existence―― no, his true nature had been revealed.

Todd: [Die.]

Briefly, Todd stepped toward Subaru once again with that intention in his words.

His steps were large, and he kicked the ground with his hind legs with speed such that it exploded. His aim was to kill Subaru, the object of his unknown fear, was to not permit the survival of an opponent privy to his true identity.

Subaru’s fighting spirit exploded as he realized this.

Subaru: [――Invisible Providence.]

Todd, now a werewolf, leapt at Subaru with an axe in his hand.

Before the axe could reach him, Subaru picked up debris with the black arm that extended from his chest, and knocked the axe away to the other side, past Todd’s head.

Todd: [――Hk!]

But even if his axe was gone, Todd now had another weapon, his fangs.

Subaru had also utilized the Unseen Hand to block the axe, thus being unable to rely on his Authority to block Todd’s fangs.

Instead, Subaru pulled out the knife stuck in his leg with his own hand.

Subaru: [Gih, gaaah!!]

Screaming from the intense pain that he had never gotten used to, Subaru held the knife he had pulled out in both hands, and he clamped it in the gap between Todd’s fangs as he bit down on it.

The closing, sharp fangs were stopped by the knife, and Subaru’s face was pushed down again as drool spilled from the knife-biting werewolf’s mouth, dripping onto his cheeks.

Todd: [――Oh!!]

Subaru: [Aaaaaah!!]

Like that, his fangs pushed forward, closing in on Subaru’s neck.

While desperately trying to hold him back, Subaru screamed in pain.

Subaru: [I’m… not going to kill you…!]

He screamed as he was about to be killed, just before the tips of their fangs gouged into his neck.

The one who was about to take a life was being chastised by the one whose life was about to be taken.

As things stood he would be overcome, even though his head about to be bitten off thus being dispossessed of his life, even though he was about to return to somewhere during the battle.

Feeling grief, resentment towards the world for reasons unknown to Subaru, the man known as Todd――.

And it happened at that very moment.

???: [――That’s enough.]

The sound of that voice caught Subaru by surprise, plucking resoundingly at his soul.

Every one of the beast’s breaths, every little rumble of the earth, every bit of ongoing chaos in various parts of the Imperial Capital, it all was a noisy hell, in which every sound rampaged as it pleased.

Even in such a world, nothing could impede that voice.

It was as if the very existence of Natsuki Subaru had been created to resonate with that voice.

Todd: [Goh――]

Immediately after, as Todd’s body pressed down on Subaru’s, trying to bring his fangs down to end his life, it was blown away by a tremendous impact, slamming him from the side.

Subaru: [――――]

Right before Subaru, Todd, having become a werewolf, was propelled into open view; and reflected in the former’s eyes were shining, gleaming shards of raining ice. And what had scattered them was a hammer fashioned from ice.

With a full-power blow using a sizable ice hammer, Todd had been sent flying.

And the one who had swung that ice hammer with both hands, making her long, silver hair dance, was a girl in a white outfit with a stunningly beautiful figure――,

Subaru: [――Emilia.]

Subaru’s mouth unconsciously moved to trace the name that had suddenly flashed through his mind.

The girl looked back, her amethyst eyes blinked, and they met Subaru’s black ones. Subaru, captivated by the beauty of her eyes, involuntarily gasped.

Emilia: [You there, come here!]

Subaru: [Huh?]

He had forgotten to breathe, or perhaps he had been holding his breath, but it was forcibly interrupted.

White fingers, reaching out with great strength, pulled Subaru’s body up into her arms with a strength that one could not have imagined from her appearance. Without hesitation, the girl, Emilia, picked up Subaru who was muddied with blood, bending her knees with an “Alright”,

Emilia: [Haa!]

With a shout, Emilia jumped and kicked the wall of a nearby building, and leapt even higher onto the roof of a building. Subaru, wrapped in her embrace, was dumbfounded, but he soon understood.

Below them, the street below the building where Emilia had landed with Subaru in her arms was swept away at a tremendous pace by a muddy stream, engulfing everything in sight.

Emilia: [That was dangerous… You almost got swallowed by the water.]

At that overwhelming sight, Emilia patted her chest in relief.

Emilia’s reaction did not convey much urgency or sense of tragedy, though the despairing scene was overwhelming as both the ruins of the grain mill that had been blown up by the dust explosion and the street where Todd had dragged the zombie around until the grain mill was prepared were engulfed in the flash flood alongside one another.

Had she been been a little slower, Subaru would have been swallowed by the current, just as Emilia had said. If that had happened, there was no way he could have survived――,

Emilia: [――Hk, who was that guy!?]

Todd, who had been on the verge of biting Subaru to death, had been sent flying by Emilia.

Supposing Todd had failed to escape, would he have been swallowed by the flash flood as well? If he had been swallowed by the force of the water, there would have been no way for Todd to have survived that strong of water.

Forgetting the pain in his leg, Subaru quickly looked around and searched for Todd in the muddy streets of the Imperial Capital that had been swallowed up by the murky water. Subaru did not even know the answer to the question of whether he wanted Todd to be found or not.

Emilia: [Hey, relax! Who are you looking for… Oh! Looking closer, I see that you’re badly hurt! I need to get you treated right away…]

As Subaru looked around frantically, Emilia noticed the wound on Subaru’s leg, and moved to sit him down on the edge of the rooftop,

Emilia: [Hold on! A user of healing magic will be here soon…]

Subaru: [There’s no time for that! Leave me alone, and…]

Emilia: [You’re the one who needs to get on your feet…]

Emilia raised an eyebrow at Subaru as he tried to stand up, brushing off her words of advice. However, her scolding was interrupted before it reached its conclusion.

Her large, amethyst eyes opened wide, and he could see the scene behind him reflected in her beautiful eyes.

As Subaru sat on the edge of the rooftop, the werewolf came out from behind him as it broke the water and opened its gaping mouth to bite Subaru’s nape.

Subaru: [――――]

Either the bite would pull him into the water, or it would mercilessly clamp down on his jugular. It was a moment that even Emilia, right in front of him, would not be able to stop in time.

Todd’s dogged determination defied even the flash flood, attempting to gnaw Subaru’s life away.

At that moment――,

???: [――Don’t touch…]

The sound of a strong wind rattled as he heard footsteps treading on the rooftop.

Neither the exhausted Subaru, nor the too-distant Emilia, could stop Todd’s attack.

Instead, it was a girl with angry, pale-blue eyes who leapt in.

???: [――Him!!]

At the same time as that yell, an axe was unleashed, swung with all its might.

Subaru had knocked away the axe as the werewolf pounced towards him. Somehow, it had landed in the hands of the girl, and returned to its owner, who was trying to bite Subaru.

Todd: [――Gah.]

A second strike, overlapping with the wound on his left shoulder where the axe had once deeply pierced, occurred. The impact threw off the werewolf’s momentum, and his huge body was knocked away, thrown into the muddy waters.

With a loud splash and a column of water, this time, the werewolf―― Todd Fang, sank below the surface.

???: [Haa, haa, haa…]

The girl who had swung the axe, breathing heavily with her shoulders heaving, held Subaru’s head to her chest. As she did so, she dropped the axe from her trembling hands into the water and knelt down on the spot.

Then, the pale-blue eyes of the girl―― of Rem met with the black eyes of Subaru.

Rem: [It… seems like you’re fine.]

Subaru: [I’m not really fine, but…]

Subaru replied in a wavering tone to Rem as he lowered the corners of his eyes with a faint sense of relief.

Then, he looked behind him for Todd, who had been thrown into the water by Rem’s blow. ――He was nowhere to be found. There was no way he could be found, and even if he were to be found.

Subaru: [――Hk.]

With frustration and bitterness welling up inside him, Subaru put his hand on his chest.

Subaru and Todd could not understand each other in any way. What Subaru had wanted him to understand, and that Todd had not wished to be understood, none of it.

That was what frustrated him. It was so frustrating and disappointing.

With that feeling of helpless frustration――,

Emilia: [Rem! Thank goodness. Heal this boy’s wounds! Then, quickly, to Subaru…]

Rem: [Wait a minute! This is the child! This boy is him! This is the one that calls himself Natsuki Subaru…]

Emilia: [Huh! That kid is Subaru!? But he’s so cute…?]

Slowly, little-by-little, Subaru’s strength slipped away on the edge of the rooftop, and right in front of him, the two women who had helped him―― Emilia and Rem, were shouting this and that about Subaru.

Then, with those two in front of him, the thought of how long it had been since he last had seen them talking to each other passed through his mind, and faded――.

Subaru: [Todd, you goddamn idiot…]

With this sense of frustration and defeat as the final straw, Subaru’s consciousness abruptly faded.

--- Chapter 7: Todd Fang ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Todd Fang was a soldier of the Vollachian Empire, Private First-Class his rank.

He was the fiancé of Katya Aurélie, the younger sister of his colleague, Jamal Aurélie. Starting with when he was dispatched to the Buddheim Jungle in the east of the Empire, by way of the battle with the rebel army in the Fortress City of Guaral, he had currently taken up the official position of subordinate to the Spirit Eater, General First-Class Arakiya.

The siege of the Imperial Capital Lupugana, commenced by rebels who all simultaneously rose in revolt.

In this battle too, he participated as a foot soldier, fighting hard, wielding his weapon as he valiantly fought the rebels in order to protect the citizens of the Imperial Capital―― And above all, to protect his fiancée, Katya.

His true identity was that of an existence treated as abhorrent in the Vollachian Empire, that of a werewolf; subject to historic discrimination and persecution, he came to establish his own way of life as a being incompatible with others.

That was unmistakably the werewolf of the Empire known as Todd Fang.

――I have no intention of telling you anything more than that, man.

--- Chapter 8: Future Prospects ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――When the Cloud Dragon flew into the Imperial Capital, leaving Madelyn behind, Emilia had decided to follow Cecilus, who was chasing after it, but upon falling behind, she had chosen to hide herself within the city.

Emilia: [Hey, you there! Take this girl and step back! I’ve frozen her limbs so that she won’t struggle, so please handle her gently!]

She did not forget to entrust Madelyn, frozen white, to a rebel carefully examining the situation.

Madelyn showed no signs of waking up, being encased in ice, and since her limbs had been glaciated potently, there was minimal concern about her causing a disturbance in the headquarters.

Emilia: […The atmosphere feels reaaally unpleasant.]

After leaving Madelyn in someone else’s care, Emilia created an ice staircase and climbed over the city walls. She felt a sense of unease from the atmosphere that pervaded the Imperial Capital.

The air itself should not have changed between inside and outside the city walls, but there was certainly a prickling sensation on the skin which threatened to unsettle Emilia’s heart.

However, she could not afford to be defeated by the prickling sensation in her heart, she could not afford to back down.

Emilia: [Mezoreia and Cecilus have both gone towards the castle.]

The battle with the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia would have ended in Emilia’s complete defeat if Cecilus had not intervened. Thanks to Cecilus, Emilia had managed to hold on, but she was constantly reflecting on the fact that she had almost been defeated.

Emilia: [Even though I asked everyone to come all the way to Vollachia.]

Of course, everyone was worried about Subaru and Rem, who had been blown all the way over to Vollachia. If she were to say something like that now, no one would blame Emilia alone.

Nevertheless, Emilia had a responsibility as the most important person in the Camp.

Emilia had to be aware of Roswaal’s importance as her supporter, as well as another, different kind of importance. She needed to acknowledge the importance of everyone’s efforts in order to fulfill her own wishes.

Therefore――,

Emilia: [I have to work really hard to fulfill what I said I could do.]

After climbing over the tall city walls, Emilia finally entered the streets of the Imperial Capital, witnessing the cityscape.

Though quite different from the atmosphere of the Royal Capital of Lugunica, being the capital city of a major nation, the orderly and tidy layout of buildings as well as its functional areas could be perceived as the result of well thought out urban planning, even from Emilia’s viewpoint.

The Emperor of the Empire had certainly had a clear vision for the future, endeavoring to make this city and country a better place.

Emilia: [Even if you try so hard, this is how it turns out, huh…]

The impression someone would get from the cityscape of the Imperial Capital and its current condition, however, were strikingly distinct.

Regardless of what intentions the Emperor held when it came to governing the Empire, the answer that a part of the people of the Empire had come up with laid within this rebellion of theirs. A rebellion on whose side was Emilia as a supporter.

While one could say that it had happened gradually or as a result of circumstances, Emilia had not sided with them thoughtlessly; she had listened to them, discussed it with her comrades, and thus made the decision.

Of course, she did not think it would be best to take the Emperor’s life, as was the wish of many traitors, but rather to capture him and negotiate with Abel and others.

However, Emilia’s hopes and wishes were betrayed in a way she could never have imagined by the events that occurred in the Imperial Capital.

Emilia: […What?]

In the far distance, near the magnificent building called the Crystal Palace located at the very back of the Imperial Capital, one could see a gigantic figure colliding with the Cloud Dragon that had taken off from the battlefield.

The collision between two giant entities further increased the danger of the siege of the Imperial Capital by one or two levels, but there was something else that had surprised her even more.

――At the Crystal Palace, where a fierce battle was raging, and all over the Imperial Capital, pale figures attacking the fleeing people were appearing in large numbers.

Emilia: [Oh no… Hk.]

The moment Emilia came to see their existence, a chill ran up her spine.

The sensation that Emilia felt was not just a physical disgust, but it was probably her nature as a Spiritual Arts User that caused her to be repulsed by them.

Spirits were natural entities that emerged into existence, desired by the world.

On the other hand, what had caused her to shiver were unnatural entities, impure beings that the world did not recognize, a fact Emilia intuited as a Spiritual Arts User.

At the same time, Emilia had realized that the internal conflict of the Empire, painful and sad as it was, had transformed into a fierce competition for survival between not just humans, but also non-human entities.

Emilia: [ ―――― ]

The moment she intuited such, the significance of that battlefield changed within Emilia.

To make the most of what was available, Emilia lifted both arms and created ice stairs haphazardly within range of the star-shaped city walls surrounding the Imperial Capital.

By creating ice stairs wherever she could, Emilia turned the situation of being unable to enter or leave without passing through the city gates into a situation where it was possible to enter or leave from places other than the gates, thereby increasing the escape routes.

Emilia: [Everyone! Run to the wall! You don’t have to go to the gate, you can escape from there!]

Calling out in a loud voice, Emilia descended from the city walls into the city.

As soon as she did, a pale being appeared as if growing up from the ground, reaching out to Emilia. With a blow from a sword of frost, Emilia struck it down without mercy.

Emilia: [I think you guys also have your own goals, but…]

Emilia could not be persuaded to sit down for a dialogue that meekly when being attacked by others without explanation.

The ones who stood in her way were all dressed in the military uniforms of the Imperial Soldiers, and upon being struck by Emilia’s attacks as she broke through them, their bodies shattered and collapsed like pottery. However, their broken bodies immediately began to stick back together, and they returned to their original state, unable to be fully defeated.

Emilia: [If that’s the case, then――.]

Even at a disadvantage, Emilia showed her boldness by not retreating there.

Against an opponent who would get up even if  crushed, Emilia steered towards icing the opponent with sword blows, rather than smashing them with sword blows.

Emilia: [Teya! Taa! Urya urya urya!]

Against one, then two, then three, then four “enemies” that rose up, Emilia kicked the walls, the ground, and the streets of the Imperial Capital in all directions as she jumped around and laid waste with her assault.

The “enemies” who were attacked by Emilia and had their crushed parts iced over were, as one would expect, unable to have their wounds repaired to their original state. However, there were also some “enemies” who destroyed the iced parts themselves and overwrote it with regeneration.

Emilia: [Well then, I’ll take that approach away from them!]

If the opponent responded, then Emilia would further surpass their response.

If freezing a part of the body did not work, she assailed the “enemies” by freezing the entire body. Of course, the strength employed against one “enemy” would be greater, but there was nothing she could do about that.

Her missing endurance was made up for with determination, and Emilia cleared the streets of the whole area.

Emilia: [Go, quickly! If you go now, they won’t get in your way, run, run!]

Emilia guided the people of the Imperial Capital, who were slow to escape, by making the streets she had cleared easy to navigate. In the meantime, she herself ran in the opposite direction of those running toward the city walls, running full speed on the road deeper into the city.

Emilia: [Someone is committing all this badness…!!]

The “enemies” appearing one after another were caused by an unnatural phenomenon.

Meaning that someone’s will, like magic or curse arts, was involved in raising them. If the caster was there, there would basically be no resolution unless they were stopped.

There was a limit to the extent of what Emilia could freeze.

Fortunately, Emilia, possessing a freakishly large store of Mana, was still able to move, but after fighting Madelyn, with Mezoreia partaking as well, plus creating the stairways to the inside and outside of the city walls just a moment ago, and then battling the “enemies” that appeared one after another, she was still feeling tired.

Emilia: [Even though being a little bit more energetic than others is supposed to be my strong point…!]

As she felt pity for her lack of strength, Emilia ran up the streets of the Imperial Capital.

She could move faster if she aimed straight for the Crystal Palace, but she had to protect the people who were being attacked by “enemies” along the way. This was the limit to her speed as she was helping them.

While she was thinking about this, she saw another group of people struggling to stay out of sight of the “enemy” on the street――,

Emilia: [I’ll make a path, right away!]

There were four “enemies” who seemed like they would get in the way of the group going out into the street; the moment they turned their back, Emilia leapt down from the roof of the building, and before they could turn around to see her, her ice blade flashed――.

Emilia: [――――]

The bluish-white, glistening ice sword cleaved the atmosphere, transforming the four “enemies” who were hit by the slash into frozen statues.

After making sure her “enemies”, frozen with a look of surprise on their faces, were properly iced, Emilia converted the ice sword in her hand to Mana and turned toward the other side of the street.

Emilia: [You’re safe now! If you use the ice as a landmark, then you can make it out of here!]

???: [T-thank you very much. You saved us.]

Emilia called out to them, and a voice answered from the other side.

Emilia raised her hand in response to their thanks and thought about resuming going to the center of the city once the people had crossed the road safely.

That was what she had thought, but――,

Emilia: [Wow, that’s a lot of children…]

Opening her eyes wide, in Emilia’s field of view a group of nearly twenty people had slipped out from the other side of the street. Moreover, most of them were children about ten years of age, all sporting dark hair.

Emilia blinked her eyes at the very unusual group, as black hair itself was rare.

There were too many kids whose faces did not resemble one another for them all to be of the same family, which made her think that maybe that was not the case.

Then, one of the few adults in the group waved at Emilia,

???: [Heyhey, you really saved us! At any rate, we’ve got our hands full just trying to run and hide. I was having trouble deciding whether to play the decoy myself or not.]

Emilia: [Is that so? In that case, I’m glad you didn’t. It should be fine from here on out, so everyone should work together and not be impatient.]

???: [Understood. Miss, I thank you from the bottom of my heart! Well then, Wife-san! Miss Katya!]

Katya: [D-don’t call out so loud… It’ll be bad if those guys show up again…!]

It was a woman at the end of the line who thus answered the call of the blond, young man with a cheerful smile. Upon seeing a small woman riding in a wheelchair, Emilia was slightly surprised.

Emilia: [Besides the one Subaru made, this is the first I’ve seen.]

Wheelchairs were useful for transporting people with impaired legs, but that kind of tool was rarely seen. Emilia also knew about them because she had seen the actual wheelchair that Subaru had gone to the trouble of designing and assembling for the sleeping girl.

Now that Subaru and Rem had been sent flying, that wheelchair too had been left at the Roswaal mansion, but――,

???: [Katya-san, please don’t be so angry… I understand your unease after being separated from your fiancé.]

Katya: [D-don’t you go saying unnecessary stuff! You’ve been worried about those kids this whole time too…! Don’t only talk about me.]

???: [That wasn’t my intention.]

Emilia, whose eyes had been fixed on the girl in the wheelchair, was slow to recognize the sight of the girl standing behind her that was pushing the wheelchair.

Holding the handles on the back of the wheelchair and pushing it was a girl with blue hair――,

Emilia: [――Rem?]

Rem: [――――]

Involuntarily, Emilia’s lips uttered that name, and her eyes met with the girl who looked up in surprise.

Emilia stared fixedly at the face of the wide-eyed girl who was looking back at her. It was the first time Emilia had seen her with her eyes open, but she looked exactly like a girl Emilia knew very well.

That, too, was expected, as Emilia had heard that this girl and the girl that she knew were twins. ――From none other than Emilia’s trustworthy Knight.

Rem: [Do you know me?]

Raising her brow, the girl―― Rem, looked at Emilia with a questioning look.

Emilia gasped at that question from the girl with one hand on her chest. Stuck in the middle of the pair’s conversation, the girl in the wheelchair looked back and forth between Emilia and Rem’s faces.

And then,

Katya: [A-another one of your acquaintances? Just how many people are looking for you… Wah!]

Emilia: [Rem!]

Leaping over the woman muttering something with a sour look, Emilia closed the distance between them and took Rem’s hand.

Rem’s eyes widened at her movement, but Emilia was not composed enough to show consideration for her surprise. Still clutching her hand, Emilia teared up at the sight of Rem in front of her.

Emilia: [Awake… Rem’s awake! Amazing! This is huge! Quick, I have to let Ram and Subaru know!]

Rem: [W-wait please, just who are you?]

Emilia: [Umm, there was a message from Ram saying to meet up outside, so maybe she’s already outside? Geez! Why’s Subaru missing at a time like this… Umm, umm…]

Rem: [Please listen to what I’m saying!]

With so many surprising incidents, Emilia’s head was a complete mess, and it was Rem who put the brakes on her thoughts.

She stared angrily at Emilia still clutching her hand,

Rem: [You also called me Rem… Are you someone who knew me from before?]

Emilia: [Ah, no, that’s a bit tough to answer. I don’t remember you from when you were awake, either. So, it’s weird, but it feels like we’re meeting for the first time.]

Rem: [I-I don’t know what you mean…]

Emilia: [Umm, I’m not very good at explaining things, so I’m not sure I’ll be able to get this across properly…]

Emilia felt sorry and thought about what to say to the puzzled Rem.

It was a great feeling to be able to talk to Rem while she was awake, but to Emilia, she was Ram’s younger sister, and a girl who had been asleep for more than a year. She was also someone who’d had her Memories from her time awake stolen by the power of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony.

If not for what Subaru had said and for Rem’s resemblance with Ram convincing her that her memories with Rem had truly been stolen, Emilia herself would have held no particular feelings.

However, there were some things that could be discerned from Rem’s account and from what Emilia herself knew.

That was――,

Emilia: [Rem, is it possible that you don’t remember what happened before you woke up?]

Rem: […Well, I don’t really know how to feel about there being a before and after I woke up, but yes.]

Emilia: […Right. So that’s how it is.]

She had harbored a hope that perhaps, once Rem woke up, she would have the Memories of her time with Emilia and the others, and that she might be able to tell her about their previous relationship.

Unfortunately, that hope was not realized, but still,

Emilia: [But you don’t have to worry about anything. You may be reaaally worried because you don’t understand a lot of things, but I will help you, and Ram and Subaru will both be there for you!]

Rem: [――. What are you, to me?]

Emilia: [If I were to just state our relationship, I would say that we are guest and maid. But I don’t think that’s the only type of relationship I have with Ram, so I guess I want to have more than just that with you as well, Rem.]

Rem: [――――]

Emilia: [Lending each other help when we need it, thinking together when we have problems, and facing difficult things side-by-side… Maybe I can’t explain this kind of relationship very well.]

When asked who she was to Rem, Emilia was unsure.

The reason for that was that her relationship with her had been brought down to zero and had to be reassembled from that point once again. So, she would only be able to convey how she wanted to reassemble it, and her prospects of it.

Emilia: [I want to get along with you, Rem. Let’s do our very best together.]

That was Emilia’s honest belief, and her future prospects.

Rem: [――――]

Upon hearing Emilia’s answer, Rem’s eyes widened, her lips opening and closing several times.

However, her thoughts were not so readily put into words, and her lips opened and closed over and over again. Just like that the moment slowly seemed to slip away, but――,

Flop: [Wife-san, I have a feeling she’s on your side.]

Rem: [Flop-san…]

Flop: [I’ve met many people as a merchant, but it’s rare to meet someone so straightforward. I’m sure she can be trusted.]

It was the blond-haired young man named Flop who said this to the stammering Rem.

At his bright and cheerful affirmation, Rem raised her eyebrows and then turned to look at Emilia again. Emilia met that gaze with pride in her chest.

Faced with Emilia’s attitude, Rem let out a small sigh,

Rem: […I believe that you are someone who knows me, and that you have no ill will.]

Rem’s hesitation to say so made Emilia’s heart ache for a moment. Emilia’s eyes widened, and Rem’s pale-blue eyes narrowed slightly,

Rem: [Um, you mentioned the name Subaru earlier…]

Emilia: [Huh? Yeah, I did. Subaru is someone who reaaally worries about you and has always treasured you…]

Rem: [――. If that is true…]

Rem’s eyes lowered at Emilia’s answer, and her gaze glanced toward the end of the alley―― the direction from which Rem’s group had just come from. It was not quite a glance into the alley, but more like a glance back along the path they had just taken.

Emilia thought about what it might mean, and leaned forward with a “By any chance”,

Emilia: [Were you with Subaru? Is Subaru okay? He’s not doing anything reckless, is he?]

Rem: [So that’s your perception, too. That man is often reckless.]

Emilia: [Hmm, yeah. He’s a difficult boy and… Oh! Come to think of it.]

Rem: [What is it?]

Emilia: [My name’s Emilia, just Emilia. Since you’ve forgotten, I should probably start by introducing myself.]

Even though Emilia remembered Rem’s name, Rem did not know Emilia’s, and no matter how much time passed, if she did not tell her, Rem would never be able to call her by name.

After hearing Emilia’s name, Rem’s eyes slightly opened in surprise.

Rem: [Emilia-san…]

Emilia: [Uh, yeah. So Rem, about Subaru, is he over there?]

Rem: [They’re over there, I’m pretty sure of it…]

Then, upon hearing Rem speak ambiguously and seeing her expression darken, Emilia raised her eyebrows with a bad feeling.

Looking at the state of the Imperial Capital and the fact that Rem, Flop, the girl in the wheelchair, and the children were the only ones on the move, it was not very Subaru-like for him to be separate from them.

Still, if Subaru was moving separately from Rem and the others――,

Emilia: [Well then, he’s being reckless again… I’ve got to get to him quickly!]

Rem: [Since you know what to expect right away, then he is that kind of person after all…]

Emilia: [Yes, Subaru has a habit of showing off, so I’m always worried about him.]

Rem: [So he is that kind of person after all…]

Rem nodded her head in agreement with Emilia’s assessment of Subaru.

Emilia was happy to exchange words with Rem like this, but the urgency of this situation did not allow for a lengthy chat.

What made that sentiment even more urgent was that――,

Katya: [――Hk! W-what!? What is that!?]

Suddenly, a rather loud explosion echoed in the distance. The woman in the wheelchair, her shoulders jumping at the sound, looked around restlessly.

While it was hard to make out from her location, Emilia could see a red pillar of fire rising from the far side of the Imperial Capital, followed by a plume of black smoke.

It had been a very big explosion.

The atmosphere did not seem troubled, so it did not seem to be an explosion caused by magic. Perhaps it had been ignited by Fire Magic Stones or something.

Rem: [Over there…]

Emilia: [By any chance, is that the direction where Subaru is?]

Rem: [――. Yes.]

Looking toward the direction of the explosion, the choked-up Rem nodded to Emilia’s question.

The moment Emilia saw the explosion, she could not help but think that Subaru had something to do with it. She wanted to rush over there right now and join Subaru.

But it was also a very difficult choice to leave Rem here alone, considering how Ram and Subaru would feel, and Emilia was almost overwhelmed with wanting to do both this and that.

Katya: […A-are you going toward the explosion? Then, then, take that girl with you. She’s useful.]

Emilia: [Huh?]

Rem: [Katya-san?]

The confusion in Emilia’s mind was brought to a stop by―― Katya, the woman in the wheelchair who had been extremely startled by the sound of the explosion.

She timidly looked at Emilia, repeatedly making eye contact and then averting her gaze,

Katya: [Look, she can use magic to heal wounds. They’ll be okay if they have that, even if they were a bit reckless. Besides… It’s been on your mind this whole time.]

Rem: […I think it’s Katya-san who’s concerned about these things.]

Katya: [I’m fine! And Todd, you see, that guy, he stubbornly clings to his life. He’s bound to come back with a calm and collected look on his face no matter what. But, those kids you know, aren’t as tough as Todd.]

Rem: [Yes, but…]

Katya’s faltering speech, while blunt, was sympathetic toward Rem’s feelings. Perhaps it was because that thoughtfulness was conveyed well.

Rem was unable to nod at Katya’s words. Upon witnessing Rem’s reluctance, Katya raised her voice and said, “Forget it!”,

Katya: [From here on, this person… you know, she took care of it already, right? This… What’s with you, silver hair and long ears, that’s a bad omen, isn’t it?]

Emilia: [Oh, I didn’t want to bring it up; it might trouble you, so don’t look at me right now.]

If people were to find out that Emilia was a half-elf, it might scare them away, even in the Empire. So, she hid both of her ears with her hands so that they might forget about it.

Katya looked at Rem again, wondering about Emilia’s reaction,

Katya: [If it’s about me, you worry too much. I’ll let the nice, scraggly guy over there take me. You do what you want to do, and do it properly…]

Rem: [――――]

Katya: [A-and while you’re at it, make sure Todd hasn’t screwed things up. That’s all I’m going to say! Come on now, don’t dawdle…]

With that, Katya spun the wheels of her wheelchair and moved away from Rem. Rem let out a small “Ah” at Katya’s decision to go without her, and then cast her eyes down.

However, while she closed her eyes tightly,

Rem: [Flop-san, can I leave Katya-san in your care?]

Flop: [Yeah, she’s in good hands! Let’s just get through this last push with the fake Crown Prince-kuns we have worked so hard together with.]

Rem: [Yes. ――Katya-san, thank you very much.]

Rem bowed deeply to Flop, who thumped his chest and was ready to take over. Katya’s cheeks reddened as she turned away with a “Hmph”.

While smiles were exchanged between Rem and Katya, Emilia looked at them fondly.

Emilia: [When we get out of here, please tell me what you have been doing up until today, Rem. I, Ram, Subaru, and everyone else would reaaally like to hear it.]

Rem: [I don’t even think it’s going to be an interesting story… But, I understand.]

When Emilia held out her hand, Rem hesitated slightly before grasping it back.

Emilia smiled at the touch and then gently pulled toward herself. Unexpectedly, Rem’s eyes widened, and she stumbled and fell onto Emilia’s chest.

Then, Emilia picked up Rem’s body and said, “Alright!”,

Emilia: [Sorry. We can’t afford to take our time, so let me carry you so we can go a little faster!]

Rem: [Y-you’re quite strong, aren’t you?]

Emilia: [Yes, I am. ――Take care, everyone! We will meet again!]

With Rem in a princess carry, Emilia called out to Katya and Flop and the others around her. Then, with a “Yaa!”, she leapt from that spot and ascended onto the roof of the building.

Flop: [Wife-san! Miss Emilia! Please be careful out there as well!]

Katya: [Y-you better come back to us…]

With those cheers, Emilia looked down at Rem, who was in her arms,

Emilia: [Hold on tight. I’m going to run a little fast!]

Rem: [――. What kind of relationship did you and I have before?]

While tightly clinging, Rem muttered words as if wringing them out. At those words, Emilia did not have a clear answer to give, but,

Emilia: [I’d like to know about that as well!]

With that strong declaration, she started running again deep into the Imperial Capital, with Rem in her arms.

Continuing on, Emilia ran, and ran, and ran, with the feeling of Rem’s arms clinging tightly to her, and then――,

Emilia: [That’s enough.]

――At that moment, the reunion had been made complete.

--- Chapter 9: Deciding to Love ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Withdrawal from the Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

Although it had been concluded to be a decision necessary, it was still a major incident in the history of the Empire.

The Imperial Capital, which was under the Emperor’s direct supervision, had not only allowed the “enemy” to advance to the Crystal Palace, but even the Emperor had been forced to abandon both the castle and the city and flee. The decline of his authority was unavoidable.

However――,

Goz: [Given that we do not know the intentions of those ominous people, Your Excellency’s judgment would be the best course of action.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Ain’t an Emperor abandonin’ the Palace ta flee unheard of? At the very least, I’ve never heard anythin’ like that ’til this age.]

Goz: [Do not laugh, General First-Class Olbart! If you think about His Excellency’s feelings… If you think about it, I! Damn! Without fail, under His Excellency’s command, we will recapture the castle and the Imperial Capital!!]

Ubilk: [Waawaaaa~, are we running away? Your judgment is quiiite~ fast! As for me, I’m not into the mindset of fighting to the last breath, so I think that’s the right decision to take.]

Those who opposed Vincent’s decision, at that moment, amounted to none.

This was because Vincent had assigned positions based on practical abilities rather than loyalty, which had proved to be worthwhile. Although the rebellion had also been incited due to differences in opinions, ultimately, his closest and most trusted ally had betrayed him. Therefore, any differences in loyalty were merely a margin of error.

In any case, it was time to begin the retreat.

Vincent: [Olbart Dunkelkenn, buy us some time. If left alone, Moguro Hagane will be defeated quickly. We cannot let the reservoir be destroyed yet.]

Olbart: [Geez, it ain’t good ta overwork the elderly. How ‘bout usin’ Goz instead?]

Vincent: [Agility and swiftness are the specialties of a shinobi. Fulfill your duty without indecision.]

Olbart: […Just warnin’ ya, even I can’t catch him if he focuses on flyin’, y’know?]

Above, Balleroy Temeglyph, someone who had died previously, cut through the sky of the Imperial Capital as he flew. After listening to Olbart, whose words implied that Balleroy still held his skills from when he was still alive as the greatest dragon rider from the Vollachian Empire, thus conveying the toughness of their opponent, Vincent entrusted the task to the monstrous old man nevertheless.

As Olbart said, while there were probably some differences in aptitude, Goz could still fulfill the same role.

However, when speaking of differences in aptitude, there was a role that Goz must fulfill. This loud and overbearing General was exceptionally trusted by his troops.

Therefore,

Vincent: [Goz Ralfon, make use of your absurd volume. From now on, what we need to retreat from the Imperial Capital is manpower. Gather any scattered troops in the vicinity.]

Goz: [Yes! Leave it to me, Your Excellency! Right away!!]

Without hesitation, Goz nodded and jumped onto a nearby pile of rubble with his upper body bare. There, he took a deep breath and shouted to the world where the thunderous noise of the titanic Moguro’s battle echoed.

His incredibly loud voice raised objections to the shaking air of the Imperial Capital.

Goz: [Listen up, Sword Wolves of Vollachia!! These are orders from the top of the Sword Wolves, His Excellency Vincent Vollachia! Follow my voice! Follow it!!]

With Goz’s directive being issued, with loudness that sounded like the roar of a magic stone cannon firing, Vincent covered his ears and looked towards Olbart as if testing him. Olbart, who was also covering his ears, shook his head slowly and said,

Olbart: [I can’t do somethin’ like that. So yer just choosin’ the right person for the task, right?]

Leaving only those words behind, Olbart’s figure disappeared into the sky, leaving a trail behind him.

The monstrous old man climbed the cracked walls of the Crystal Palace left by the aftermath of the battle, using them as footholds. Halfway, he jumped onto the massive body of Moguro, intervening in the battlefield where the Cloud Dragon and the Magical Sharpshooter were cooperating. In a show of his abilities, the Vicious Old Man began leading them by the nose.

Olbart may have said something about being unable to keep up with his flying opponents, but, with his shinobi’s gear and his hidden techniques, he most likely had countless ways to deal with the situation.

If the monstrous old man joined the battle, Moguro’s disadvantage would likely be somewhat overturned.

Ubilk: [Your Excellency, is there anything you want uuus~ to do?]

Vincent: [――. How many of you Stargazers are there in the surroundings?]

As Goz was gathering the people, Vincent asked Ubilk, who had nothing else to do. Ubilk responded to Vincent’s question with a “Weeell~” and placed the fingers of both of his hands on his cheeks.

Ubilk: [Let’s see, within the range where our voices can be heard, there are twenty-seven of uuus~.]

Vincent: [More than I expected. Then, go around opening doors in the residences one-by-one. Tell them that the Emperor and the troops will abandon the Capital, so even if they remain in the city, they will only be throwing away their lives.]

Ubilk: [Understood! This is it, this is it! An all-out war… The united effort of the entire Vollachian Empire to resist the Great Disaster, this is what I’ve wanted to do.]

Vincent: [Quickly, get it done.]

Vincent let out a sigh as he drove away the excited Ubilk, who could not contain his excitement over being able to achieve his goal as a Stargazer.

Vincent then looked at Berstetz, who remained silent so as not to disturb his thoughts and deliberations.

He was the individual who had joined Chisha Gold, the ringleader of the civil war, causing chaos in the Empire by driving Vincent from the throne.

Vincent: [You are rather quiet.]

Berstetz: [In the present situation, two heads giving commands can only sow seeds of confusion. If, hypothetically, a Sword Wolf were to be born with two heads, it would mean…]

Vincent: [That severing one of the two heads is your duty?]

Berstetz: [If so needed, this old man shall offer you his head with pleasure.]

With his hands clasped behind his back, Berstetz calmly stated his resolve.

Although he was far from a man of military prowess, within him burned the pride of a man of the Empire. Vincent did not believe that Berstetz had rebelled out of a lust for power, nor did he believe that the words he just uttered were a perfunctory excuse.

Plain and simple, a devout devotion to the Empire was Berstetz’s driving force.

For that reason, upon witnessing a threat to the Empire, he would immediately drop his previous plans and ideas, and stand on the same side as Vincent as he was doing now, without hesitation.

Vincent: [When Goz Ralfon, the Stargazer, and the others finish their preparations, we shall begin our withdrawal immediately. Berstetz, your opinion. Be brief.]

Berstetz: [――With all due respect, Your Excellency, if you are going to withdraw, please follow your own thoughts.]

Vincent: [――――]

To Vincent, who had asked for a concise opinion, Berstetz responded.

Although his words were enigmatic, Berstetz did not mean to mislead Vincent. After a moment of contemplation, Vincent understood the meaning of those words.

To follow his own thoughts, that was to say, the thoughts of Vincent Vollachia.

――That was the same mindset that Chisha Gold had been following up until now.

Berstetz: [If General First-Class Chisha had replaced you knowing what had been predicted, cooperating with me to usurp the throne…]

Vincent: [――He must have guessed what the Great Disaster would consist of, and made provisions.]

Berstetz: [It is as you say. And it is something that only Your Excellency the Emperor could notice, and anyone other than Your Excellency the Emperor would not notice.]

As Berstetz spoke, with one eye closed, Vincent contemplated.

The opinion expressed by the Prime Minister was understandable. ――No, it was reasonable. Even without Berstetz’s advice, Vincent would have come to the same conclusion, but this had shortened time.

Chisha had staked his life to remain in the form of Vincent on the throne. And what if he had left Vincent with more than just a “future” where he was supposed to have been cut off?

That was――,

Goz: [――Your Excellency! The men have all returned, each one of them with the face of a soldier! What do you wish to do?]

The instant Vincent’s thoughts arrived at that conclusion, from a pile of rubble, Goz violently jumped down.

Looking around, one after another, gathering around them were Imperial Soldiers, the swords and armor they had equipped clanging, a pack of Sword Wolves. In face of this unprecedented situation, they had certainly been confused, uneasy. However, following the call of Goz Ralfon, the Lion Knight, they gathered together, and once they realized that the Emperor of Vollachia was waiting for them ahead, they tightened their expressions and standings.

???: [――――]

It was the terrible and loathsome way of being of the people of the Empire.

But in order to fight the coming calamity, a Sword Wolf must not forget its hunger. Spending years for that reason, recalling the times past, Vincent looked up at the sky.

To accumulate national strength, and to maintain the discipline and morale of the soldiers, for the sake of leaving behind an Empire that would be able to withstand the calamity. ――That plan had gone awry, but there was no intention of leaving as a failure.

Vincent: [Moguro Hagane! Do not let these scoundrels use the Magic Crystal Cannon! As long as you uphold that, I shall grant your wish!]

Moguro: [――――]

There was no telling whether his voice, having pushed it to its limits, had reached Moguro, who was in the midst of fighting what was the currently strongest creature in the world, a Dragon.

However, that noble Meteor listened to human words attentively. They appeared to not possess ears, but they were reliable.

Then, having sent out instructions to the assembled Generals, Vincent lowered his gaze and surveyed the faces of the soldiers who had gathered around him.

Then, looking at those Sword Wolves, whose will to fight was undiminished, he continued.

――If he, if Chisha Gold had truly embodied Vincent Vollachia, then.

Vincent: [We are withdrawing from the Imperial Capital! We are heading northwest to the Fortified City of Garkla!]

Then a plan to oppose the Great Disaster, should be present in that place, such was what he loudly declared.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Both the Imperial Soldiers and the rebels that were a part of the battlefield had begun to realize that the struggle to set the course of the Vollachian Empire had changed shape.

With the degree of confusion that spread everywhere, and the change in ambience, striking that it was, fully enthralled in battle, the Sword Wolves were therefore aware of an atmosphere such as that, they sensed the interference of unsavory intentions.

Thus, with orders flying around from the commanding officers whose expressions had changed, the mindset of the two sides who were frankly crossing arms was changed by their slightly regained composure and battle intuition.

Due to that, the two sides that were fiercely fighting each other until only a few moments before ceased their hostilities, replaced the title of Imperial Soldier or of rebel with the title of “citizen of the Empire”, and joined together as a pack of wolves.

At that moment, Vincent Vollachia, at the center of the Imperial Capital, and Serena Dracroy, at the siege surrounding the city, had both just raised their voices as chief commanders.

Simply put, the changes that everyone from the Empire had sensed were circumstances that necessitated immediate action. Completely unrelated to these events, there was still a battlefield burning bright-red, able to reduce everyone else to ashes.

――The Spirit Eater Arakiya, protecting the first bastion, was being confronted by Priscilla Barielle and Yorna Mishigure, magnificent and bewitching women of strong character.

Yorna: [――Love me.]

As the world was dominated by red, radiant flames, Yorna gallantly kicked the ground with a fire lit in one of her eyes.

The hem of her kimono fluttered glamorously, and when Yorna’s long legs, which made her tall for a woman, touched the ground, the earth rose the next moment and aided her sprint in both speed and momentum.

This was not the Demon City of Chaosflame, but only the land surrounding the Imperial Capital, the territory of the Emperor of Vollachia.

Long ago, beyond the memories of a past that had become distant for both Yorna Mishigure and Sandra Benedict, she had once desired for the Imperial Capital that seemed so out of her reach.

Though it was a place she could never reach through her own strength, as she held hands with a man who was so noble and of such different status that she was afraid to whisper that she loved him, there she stood.

Yorna’s Soul Marriage Technique could only be granted to those she loved.

――Then, with love for that man, with love that could never fade, why did Yorna not love the very land that he loved?

Yorna: [――It was also stolen from me.]

The Emperor of Vollachia, known as the King of Thorns at the time, and Iris, the girl who had fallen in love.

She had sheltered, supported and walked the same path as the Emperor who had been ousted from the throne. Seeing the courage and nobleness of the young girl, many had sang the praises of the King of Thorns, wishing blessings upon their future together.

However, due to the molepeople who had tricked them by manipulating them with adulation, and the wolfpeople who had betrayed them through ambition and arrogance, that future had lost its perfect ending.

The paradise that the King of Thorns was supposed to build, the construction of that promised world, was abandoned. The Emperor, controlled by delusion, bound the soul of the girl, a soul supposed to disappear, with the blood of the traitors, to the soil of the Empire.

Since then, Iris had been reborn again and again, changing her name and appearance.

Loving someone, being loved by someone, she continued to live.

But at the same time, this Vollachian Empire, the Empire’s very land, was the only thing that she could not love. Perhaps she hated it because it was so distant from the dream she had once envisioned.

But, however, such things were trivial compared to what was truly important.

Yorna: [――Love me.]

Whether or not she could love; she just decided to love.

It was not an Empire with only happy memories. Happiness and unhappiness had been two sides of the same coin, both when she had been Iris and throughout her many lifetimes after she had ceased to be Iris.

The same was true for Yorna’s beloved children in the Demon City―― Sometimes she would be choked up with love, and sometimes she would be angry at their pettiness.

Yorna: [――All of it, I am happy with.]

Yes, as the resounding “love” resonated within Yorna, the burning earth rejoiced.

The solid ground, which was only supposed to catch her footsteps, gleefully lashed out, and the bouncing earth served as a foothold for Yorna, sending her high into the sky.

Spinning around, Yorna’s thick-soled heels fell on Arakiya in mid-air.

Arakiya attempted to let it pass through her by assimilating with the air surrounding her. However, Yorna’s kick exploded on the brown skin that it was supposed to have slipped through.

Arakiya: [――Ah?]

The shoulder that had been kicked burst with pain, and Arakiya gave a small gasp at the impossible impact.

Arakiya’s body, which had been assimilated with either fire, wind, or shadow exploded from the impact, and her expression, which had rarely displayed such fiery emotion, was colored with pain and surprise.

For Arakiya, who continuously took full advantage of the traits of a Spirit Eater to gain the upper hand in every fight against her enemies, this had truly been a bolt out of the blue.

But Yorna had been neither surprised nor satisfied with the fact that her kick hit. Using the heel she struck with as a fulcrum, she raised her upper body and swung the kiseru held by her slender fingers, unleashing a follow-up attack.

Arakiya: [Eh, ah, wah.]

There was a sound of something hard hitting her flesh consecutively, and Arakiya’s expression was distorted again and again.

Arakiya’s voice escaped from her throat as if she could not comprehend the sensations she was suffering. It was a manner of rejecting the fact behind it, rather than rejecting the anguish itself.

“Why”, she asked Yorna. Arakiya’s eyes were widened, even the one eye she could no longer see from.

Yorna: [If there is love there, then there’s no meaning in tactless hesitation.]

Arakiya: [Love…?]

Yorna: [You’re the foster sister of my ill-disciplined daughter, are you not?]

Yorna’s answer, with a beaming smile, filled Arakiya’s face with a look of incomprehension.

Even though she had received an answer, her cheeks hardened at the fact she did not understand it. Then, Arakiya freely flew in the sky at high speed to escape, causing cataclysmic waves of natural phenomena.

Yorna, being airborne, had no way to avoid her onslaught of wood, fire, earth, metal, and water.

Yorna: [As was the case even before I made peace with the Empire.]

Spinning those words from her loosened lips, Yorna ran through the air on the footholds of earth that rose one after another.

While resentful in spirit, but also full of joyful emotional attachment, were she to decide to love the Vollachian Empire in its state, in its entirety, then the ground itself would respond and continue its ardent support.

Avoiding the rain of fire, the spears of water, the great waves of wind, and the slashes of light at every turn, Yorna once again closed in on Arakiya.

No longer did Arakiya have the advantage of being in the air since the ground reached wherever Yorna stepped, allowing her to reach the same height.

Arakiya: [――Ugh.]

She assimilated with the Spirits in the atmosphere, thus becoming transparent to enemy attacks.

Since she had become overly accustomed to dodging in that manner, Arakiya was slow to react to the approaching danger posed by Yorna, taking a kick directly to her smooth-skinned torso.

The destructive force penetrated the back side of Arakiya’s body, causing the gale she had enclosed herself with to shimmer through the world of red-tinted flames.

Arakiya: [――Hk.]

Finally, pain was etched on Arakiya’s face, overtaking her look of surprise.

This was definitely a sign that Yorna’s attack was pushing Arakiya over the edge. Up until now, while the flow of events going in Yorna’s favor had been something to be proud of, Yorna was still not optimistic.

That was because――,

Arakiya: [You would never… Hk!]

With her cheeks contorted in pain and anger, Arakiya grabbed her tree branch and slammed it into Yorna.

She had simply picked it up, employed as a mundane item, and yet it had never been broken, even in the midst of these natural disasters. Like a great treasured sword, it showed its true value in the hands of the Spirit Eater.

Yorna caught the swinging branch with the kiseru she held in her upraised arm. The edge of her mouth quivered slightly as the two glared at each other up close.

Yorna: [Kuh…]

The power of the blocked tree branch made Yorna’s throat moan through her kiseru .

Yorna’s Soul Marriage Technique could transfer pain and wounds to her own treasured belongings. Naturally, this was a secret technique that required an appropriate level of attachment and dedication.

However, Yorna’s kanzashi , earrings, and obidome , all of which had been donated by her beloved residents of the Demon City, were not consumed. In spite of this, Yorna herself was suffering pain.

The answer was simple and clear―― love was never a one-way affair.

Yorna: [――Love me.]

Once she had decided to love the Empire in an intermingling of love and hate, once she had as well decided to discipline Arakiya, with whom she had fallen into a hostile relationship, she needed to aim for compatibility instead of forcing one-sided love on her.

This was the exact opposite of how Yorna Mishigure’s Soul Marriage Technique had been intended to be used, originally.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――――]

In midair, Yorna and Arakiya faced off in a fierce battle.

Priscilla, holding the dazzling Yang Sword in her hand, with flames in one eye proving that she was loved, frowned at the sight of her mother and foster sister clashing without restraint.

As a user of the same Soul Marriage Technique, she understood the reasoning behind Yorna’s actions.

However, because they were both users of the Soul Marriage Technique, Priscilla could understand the forbidden nature of what Yorna was doing.

Priscilla: [Focusing only on the strength of the technique, without regard for its weaknesses. You, too, are reckless, Dear Mother.]

Yorna had figured out with only a glance how to ignore Arakiya’s nature as a Spirit Eater and let her attacks flow through, but it required a precise handling of magic and the resolve to suffer wounds herself.

Both Priscilla and Yorna were no strangers to the Soul Marriage Technique, a secret art that required a talent so rare that it had no historical inheritors, and required a miraculous sense of balance to put it into practice.

In short, Yorna’s efforts were a risky gamble that would not only prevent Arakiya’s attacks from reaching her, but could even sever her connection with the loved ones who had given her gifts.

Priscilla: [――――]

Priscilla was neither foolish nor heartless enough as to not contemplate why Yorna would take such a risky gamble to face Arakiya, and avert her head.

For the sake of Priscilla, Yorna had embraced that taboo.

――In order to avoid a situation in which Priscilla would have to kill Arakiya.

Priscilla: [With mine Yang Sword, I shan’t have to brave the same crisis as Dear Mother.]

To cut what one wanted to cut, and to burn what one wanted to burn, was the true essence of the Yang Sword’s properties.

In a demonstration of its true value, its white flame could deliver Priscilla’s slashes without regard to Arakiya’s characteristics, even if Arakiya had all natural phenomena as her ally.

While maintaining the effect of the Soul Marriage Technique, the attacker was able to reach their opponent.

This was exactly what had happened at the time Priscilla and Arakiya had met again for the first time in nearly a decade, and under these circumstances, Priscilla could obviously not entertain the notion of doing the same thing.

So, Yorna smacked Priscilla on the head, and fought on the forefront as such.

Priscilla: [To strike mine head like that…]

Using the rebuttal that she was her mother had certainly been a tempting one, but that was precisely the case.

Reflecting upon her feelings, she realized that before Yorna had struck her on the head with her kiseru , Priscilla had been uncharacteristically enthusiastic.

Upon arriving at this point, she felt that she had to deal with Arakiya herself.

However――,

Priscilla: [――A Spirit Eater’s karma, is it?]

It was inevitable that a manufactured species such as Arakiya would be endowed with particularly distorted characteristics.

To wield great power, one must pay the appropriate price. Not to mention Priscilla’s Yang Sword or Soul Marriage Technique, the same was true of Arakiya’s Spirit Eating powers.

Of course, Priscilla had heard of what kind of being Arakiya was born to be back when the latter had accompanied her. She had done her own research, even. However, she had not been careful enough.

The result of that had bestowed the pillar called Priscilla upon Arakiya, one who could not stand without support.

Priscilla: [If mine radiant sun were hidden, the world shall be cloaked in darkness.]

For ten years, Arakiya had lived in a world cloaked in darkness.

Perhaps it was impossible for someone to fill Priscilla’s role, but would someone not have cast a ray of light upon the shadow?

She had thought Vincent would, at the time she decided that she could not bring Arakiya along, but.

Priscilla: [That would be impossible.]

Furrowing her brow at her own thoughts, Priscilla dismissed the idea.

At the time, when she had been still young and bright, Priscilla―― Prisca, had been mistaken. She had believed that she could trust her older brother with such a task, but that had been a miscalculation.

As the battle for the Imperial Capital took such a radical turn, and as she learned of the strength of the Nine Divine Generals gathered by her older brother, Vincent Vollachia, those other than Arakiya, she noticed. She understood.

Vincent had intended to fight something very different, something much greater than a rebellion.

Moreover, he had no intention of surviving at the end of the battle. When the battle was over, to whom would he intend to entrust the throne he had lost?

Arakiya’s loyalty could not change for someone else.

Priscilla: [Nonsense.]

Just about everything had been first fabricated as a board atop a desk, and the world had then been constructed in reality according to that board.

That was Vincent’s strength, but no matter how good his wits were, if his envisioned form of perfection was mistaken, the world as he envisioned it would be undeniably distorted.

He would one day be rewarded for his lack of awareness. Or maybe he would receive it in this battle, however――.

Priscilla: [We have been apart for ten years. Enough, Elder Brother, you shall distance yourself from your little sister.]

Casting dishonor on her counterpart, who was absent from the scene, Priscilla strode forward.

The sky was dyed red with flames, and the earth was raging at the behest of the Flamboyant. It was as if heaven and earth were all refusing the intervention of the sun, Priscilla.

However, to such a presumptuous world, Priscilla Barielle―― or rather, the girl formerly known as Prisca Benedict, had only one thing to say.

Priscilla: [――Everything in this world is made for my convenience.]

△▼△▼△▼△

At that moment, it was wrong to express what Arakiya was feeling as humiliation or shame.

Humiliation meant that there had to be no name for the feeling of being lowered by regret.

Shame meant that there could be no sense of pride in being disgraced by falling behind.

Arakiya had no attachment to her name or pride of any kind.

The rank of Second, the highest rank if Cecilus, who was considered a completely erroneous presence among the esteemed Imperial Nine Divine Generals, were excluded. Known as the Spirit Eater, this individual possessed qualities unparalleled not only within the Empire, but also throughout the entire world, making her an absolute powerhouse.

Despite being blessed with the status and abilities that many people desperately desired, those things could not become the “pillar” that supported Arakiya as an individual.

Arakiya defined herself as a beast in the wild.

Beasts that lived by hunting other creatures had no pride in their fangs and claws. ――No, Arakiya only thought so, but beasts did have their own pride and ways of doing things.

That being the case, Arakiya’s self-perception was far from even that of a beast.

Fire, wind, water, earth, light, shadow, untouchable phenomena.

There was no will that intervened, only the realization of what was desired.

Arakiya wanted to be a phenomenon, neither man nor beast.

She wanted to be a phenomenon that did not feel humiliated or disgraced.

If so――,

Arakiya: [I’m――]

Arakiya attempted to turn into the wind to deal with the barrage of fierce attacks. However, she was unable to handle it completely. The wind was seized, and the blows left a pain and heaviness inside Arakiya.

A cry of anguish escaped, and Arakiya’s face contorted in distress. As a Spirit Eater, she did not often experience pain in battle, but she was by no means immune to it.

Arakiya had already experienced all kinds of pain as a child.

In order to obtain the qualities of a Spirit Eater, the adults around Arakiya had attempted every conceivable ritual and technique, repeating them over and over again.

She was not afraid of pain. She would not cower in remembering the past.

However, the mere fact of being realized was greater than the pain for Arakiya.

Fire would not suffer pain, nor would it die if it was extinguished by water.

Was Arakiya nothing more than fire that would suffer pain and die when extinguished by water?

Arakiya was afraid of denying to herself that she could not be a phenomenon.

Arakiya: [I――]

Yorna: [――Silence, you.]

Driven by frustration, she tried to speak out, but a slap from her opponent landed across her face.

The power of the attack blew Arakiya away head-first. Though she quickly recovered her original form, the pain remained, as did the damage to Arakiya’s psyche.

It was neither humiliation nor disgrace, but a seeming denial of her existence. As if clinging on for dear life, Arakiya raised the ground, with her palm toward Yorna, who leapt on her.

She did not know what was happening, but both Prisca and Yorna had somehow managed to escape Arakiya’s attacks at some point. As soon as Yorna had sealed her technique, her attacks began to reach Arakiya. At the same time, Arakiya’s attacks also began to reach Yorna.

Arakiya: [――Hk.]

Just one time, one shot, one hit.

Yorna herself had raised the level of her physical abilities, either through an unknown technique or through magic. However, if she did not use that technique to escape damage, that meant Arakiya’s attacks would get through.

As long as she was able to hit――,

Arakiya: [The Princess and…!]

If only she could get rid of that annoying Yorna, she would be left alone with just Prisca and herself.

So long as that happened, surely everything would turn out well.

???: [If there’s something you want, it’s more constructive to go out and get it than to wait, right?]

Yes, Todd had said that, too.

Todd’s words, for some reason, resonated strongly in Arakiya’s mind.

It was not because they conveyed convenient things or based on personal likes or dislikes.

Todd’s words were devoid of any emotion toward Arakiya. That was comforting. Just as one did not love fire or water, Todd had no feelings toward Arakiya.

Being treated so vacuously was Arakiya’s salvation.

That was why――,

Arakiya: [――――]

The tree branch in her hand burst into flames from tip to tail, turning into black dust.

The branch was just something she had picked up; it had no special power. It was merely a clear indicator that defined where Arakiya intended to direct her power.

The fact that she had burned that wooden stick was a sign that she was unleashing firepower that needed no aiming.

The Spirit Eater, Arakiya, was regarded as one of the Empire’s strongest, and her greatest power had been unleashed only a single time, during a skirmish with Cecilus Segmunt.

Because the opponent was Cecilus, no damage had been done to them, but Arakiya’s rampage had left the northern part of the Imperial Capital a burnt wasteland. The Emperor, Vincent, had told Arakiya that it would not be tolerated a second time. Later, at Chisha’s suggestion, the burnt land was reused as a reservoir, but the blow had been powerful enough to redraw the map.

???: [――Everything in the world is made for my convenience.]

――The slash issued by a dignified and confident voice drowned everything out.

A flash of the Yang Sword swallowed the flames that would have scorched the world black.

Prisca leapt to Yorna’s side, her long, beautiful hair fluttering in the hot wind as Arakiya was reflected in her eyes, one lit by flames and the other not.

And then――,

Priscilla: [Dear Mother.]

The moment her lips moved, Yorna, moving from behind Prisca, unleashed a ferocious kick.

Prisca, who aligned her feet with the sole of the unleashed kick, converted the momentum of the kick into her own forward motion, launching herself and approaching Arakiya with a speed that could be mistaken for light.

Prisca then raised the Yang Sword in her hand,

Priscilla: [Arakiya.]

With a flash, and a single word, Arakiya’s movements were all sealed off.

The reflexive defensive action of Arakiya, an evasion that blended her with the atmosphere, was twisted and crushed by Prisca’s flash, mercilessly piercing her entire body.

Arakiya: [――――]

Arakiya’s consciousness, was cut off.

Ironically it was very much like the time Arakiya had unleashed her most powerful fire and turned the northern part of the Imperial Capital into a scorched field, she was struck by Cecilus’s flash right afterwards, and had had her consciousness cut off in a similar fashion.

But at the very end, she finally now heard it.

Priscilla: [My Yang Sword cuts what I want to cut, burns what I want to burn. ――And strikes what I want to strike.]

As she said this, Prisca had swung the Yang Sword―― While Arakiya fell, she had not realized it had not been the sword’s blade, but rather the hilt, that had been pointed towards her.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The boy smiled. No matter the time, he was always smiling.

Even if the color of the sky changed, even if these vast lands violently fissured, even if a natural disaster yet unseen by those blue eyes assailed upon the world, and unprecedented events tried to get in his way, he would smile.

Had he gone crazy? Yeah, he was crazy.

Had he been drunk? Yeah, he was drunk.

Not on battle. Not on alcohol. Not on love. Not on blood.

Absolutely, thoroughly, unquestionably, a maniac. Definitely, undoubtedly, unequivocally, a drunkard. That boy continued to smile.

If he did not do so――,

Boy: [――Folk who are busy wouldn’t perch their eyes on the stage of a boring actor, now would they?]

Even when nothing happens, tears could be spilled. But, was it possible that, even when nothing happens, one could smile?

If so, then smiling would be the beginning of something. Smiling, would signify that a tale was beginning to unfold.

Whether that tale had already begun, or was just beginning from here, he did not know.

That was to say, smiling was proof of one settling their resolve to rise to the stage; such was how the boy defined it.

Therefore――,

Boy: [By all means, feel free to smile, how about it? You’ve gone through great trouble to get everything fully prepared up to this point. If possible, showering you with loud laughter would feel just as good as defeating you!]

???: [――――]

Boy: [Oh, is it possible that it’s strange for me to be here? If you perhaps think that one of your allies disobeyed you and spoke about it or something, that would be a needless worry! I don’t really know why, but I just came all the way here on a hunch after all!]

Cheerfully smiling as he clapped his hands, he firmly planted his zori on the ground and stopped putting on airs.

The bulwark of the reservoir behind him had been fissured, water continuing to gush out, and standing in front of it, blocking the way, the boy―― Cecilus Segmunt, saw the figure of an antagonist before his eyes.

That was――,

???: [Whatever shall I do with you, how arduous. ――Deliberation: Required.]

――With a great number of dead people following behind her, was a Witch of short stature.

--- Chapter 10: No One Can Be Alone ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Fainting and sleeping, while both were the same disruption of consciousness, how were they different?

Surely, Subaru, who was probably one of the world’s leading experts on fainting and loss of consciousness, did not understand how the two were different.

What he could say for sure, was that if both fainting and sleeping had the effect of resting the body, then it seemed to him that fainting had only about half that effect.

It may have been just a matter of feeling, but that was how he felt.

That was definitely because in fainting, the feelings of the people around the one who had fainted were too different, as opposed to sleeping.

If one had no connection with anyone else, and no one was worried about them, maybe there would be no difference between fainting and sleeping.

However――,

Subaru: [――Ah.]

His eyelids trembled, and a weak sigh leaked from his throat.

Bringing himself back to reality with such a frail and helpless gesture, Natsuki Subaru slowly awoke from the darkness.

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru raised his face from the shore of reality he had pulled himself to, and for a moment, he forgot to catch his breath.

What came into his view was an unfamiliar ceiling―― how many times had he woken up in an unknown place like this and used his head to try to find out where he was?

However, what would normally be a solitary task was not so this time.

???: […Oh, you finally woke up, I suppose. Subaru is such a hopeless oversleeper, in fact.]

Subaru: [Beatrice…]

A familiar, lovely face filled Subaru’s view of the unfamiliar ceiling.

Beatrice, with her drooping eyebrows and pale-colored eyes, was looking at Subaru; she was the girl who had probably shared the most waking moments with him.

And when Beatrice entered Subaru’s field of vision, he realized that his hand, which seemed to be lying in bed, was being held, and his lips loosened.

Subaru: [By some chance, did you hold my hand this whole time?]

Beatrice: [Of course, I suppose. Betty is Subaru’s partner, in fact. Besides, Subaru tends to go everywhere too much on his own, I suppose. If you don’t like being chained up, then holding hands is the most effective way to keep you in check, in fact.]

Subaru: [As expected, you really understand my personality well…]

As he could not come up with a retort, Subaru could only chuckle at Beatrice’s pouting face.

He always found a way to do what needed to be done even if chained up, but it was always heartbreaking to release a hand that had been held.

Subaru was sensitive to pain, so that was the most effective way to keep him from leaving.

Subaru: [Uh, so where are we? Right now, what are we doing…]

Beatrice: [Calm down, Subaru, I suppose. It’s understandable that you want to be concerned about a lot of things but… more importantly, first look around you, in fact.]

Subaru: [Around me?]

Feigning seriousness at Subaru, who wanted to know what was going on, Beatrice put her finger to her lips.

Subaru, who had been feeling restless and impatient, was stopped in his tracks and made to blink as he followed Beatrice’s advice to look around at things other than her and the ceiling.

And then, he gasped.

――Resting on his bed all around him, he saw many people snoring.

Subaru: [――――]

The cabin was not spacious at all. With only the one bed that Subaru was sleeping on, half of the cabin’s space was occupied. Within that cabin, there were more than ten people packed tightly into it.

In addition, it was an unthinkable assembly.

Subaru: [Tanza and, Garfiel? And, Hiain and the guys and Louis and, even Utakata…]

Beatrice: [That’s not all, I suppose. Betty may have won one hand, but the other…]

Being told this, with Subaru not only having his right hand clasped by Beatrice, he turned towards his left hand and realized it was also being grasped. There, tightly clutching his hand, sleeping with their upper body stretched out on the bed――,

Subaru: [――Petra.]

With a large ribbon fastened on her head, even the little girl’s sleeping face was adorable.

Generally, how many hardships and rough patches had she overcome in order to hold his hand? He was not familiar with Petra’s traveling clothes, which were covered in dirt, filled with the concerns that the little girl had about being stylish.

To be in that condition, it was proof that she had finally managed to arrive here.

Beatrice: [But the hardest thing that Petra had to do, it would have been seizing the chance to hold Subaru’s hand, in fact. It was a struggle for everyone, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Hey, hey, you’re saying everyone wanted to hold my hand while I was sleeping? No matter how you say it, something that stupid is…]

Beatrice: [It is not stupid, in fact.]

He almost laughed at this joke, but Beatrice’s quiet voice stopped him.

Subaru’s eyes opened wide as Beatrice raised her tightly clenched hand and pointed it out to him,

Beatrice: [We were all really worried about Subaru, I suppose. If holding Subaru’s hand would help you, then even if it’s just that, we’re ready to do anything, in fact.]

Subaru: [――――]

Beatrice: [Subaru should be more aware of how important his presence is, even if just a little, I suppose. For a long time, that’s what Betty has been telling you over and over again, in fact.]

Saying so quietly, the tone of her voice sounded somewhat dismayed, but Beatrice’s words were filled with far too much compassion.

To say something like that with those eyes and voice, it was impossible for him to disregard it.

Even Subaru did not presume to think he did not have an impact on everyone around him, nor that he should not be held dear, however――,

Subaru: […Just because I shrank, everyone’s become too overprotective.]

???: [I do not know about that. For me, rather than the overprotectiveness of those around him, should you not first reflect on his shrinkage, Natsuki-san?]

Subaru: [――!]

Suddenly, Subaru’s shoulders jumped due to the voice he heard.

The voice unexpectedly barged in, coming from the entrance of the narrow cabin. Examining the expression of the one who slid the door open, goddamnit, were his soft features ever so great to see.

Subaru: [Otto!?]

Otto: [Yes, it is me, but… please be quiet. Please consider Petra-chan’s and Garfiel’s feelings.]

Subaru: [Their feelings…]

Otto: [Something like, they are waiting for you to wake up, you know? Of course, it was because they wanted to be the first to speak once you awakened, Natsuki-san. But, if they found out that I showed up like this and stole that privilege, how much would they resent me?]

Subaru: [Ho, you’re such a bad guy.]

Otto: [Even with Natsuki-san shrunken like this, you do not seem to talk any less.]

Putting a finger to his lips and lowering his voice, the young man that had appeared―― Otto, looked around the cabin.

He made a troubled expression, the inside of the chamber was so crowded that there was almost nowhere to step. Otto looked annoyed, but somehow managed to find a foothold and walked over to the bed,

Otto: [Beatrice-chan, you too, thank you for taking care of Natsuki-san.]

Beatrice: [There’s nothing to be tired of, I suppose… More importantly, are you going to inform them, in fact?]

Otto: [Of course, I will make sure to let everyone know that Natsuki-san is awake, but…]

As Beatrice looked at him with a reproachful gaze, Otto spaced out his words while smiling bitterly. As he made those spaced-out words sound more important, he looked at Subaru lying on the bed,

Otto: [Although it pains me, since I was witness to Natsuki-san’s inopportune waking, before things become too noisy, I would like to raise a personal complaint with you.]

Subaru: [T-the nerve of you to act so nice…]

Otto: [Yes, I am a merchant after all.]

Touching his hatless head, Otto laughed with a face free of offense.

That smile, it gave Subaru the same chills that the gaze of his enemies did, or the same chill he felt when he incurred Tanza’s displeasure; while experiencing this sensation, Subaru took a deep breath.

Admittedly, partially because he had been sent to the Vollachian Empire, Subaru believed that he was not as much at fault as he was for the ensuing troubles; however, it was true that he had made people worry.

No matter what kind of complaints he was hit with, he would take them in stride.

Subaru: [Okay, give me everything you’ve got. But, my mentality has also been suitably trained here. Don’t think that you can destroy me with half-baked words.]

Otto: [What kind of boast is that? Well, I do not intend on giving you a long lecture. Since I am not the only one who wants to say something to you, I will keep it short. ――Natsuki-san.]

Subaru: [Yeah?]

Otto: [――I am glad that you were able to safely reunite with us. Please, do not worry too much.]

Subaru: [――――]

A hand reached out, plopping itself onto Subaru’s small shoulder.

Feeling Otto’s fingers, which were stronger than the impression given by his features, with them trembling slightly on top of his shoulder, Subaru then choked up.

Firmly, Otto knitted his brows, his nose wrinkling as he let those words out; as he had always been one to look at himself from an unbiased view, Otto’s uncontainable emotions became loosened.

Subaru: [Guh…]

His trained mental resolve, and his readiness to accept any blow, all of it was for naught.

Those words that Otto had let out had been a killing blow, mercilessly destroying Natsuki Subaru’s barriers, driving a fatal blow into the bare soul underneath.

In short, it was foul play.

Otto: [In any case, this works best on Natsuki-san, right?]

Subaru: [You, you, bastard…!]

In front of Subaru, whose whole body was trembling, tightening his expression which had just been on the verge of crumbling, a daring, calm, and implicative smile emerged on Otto’s face.

Having been completely led by the nose, Subaru could not help his face turning red from the sense of defeat. ――No, there were other methods. As payback to Otto for being outwitted, though it was far from being a win, it was at least a way to not let him escape with victory.

That was――,

Subaru: [Aaah! I’ve lost, I’ve lost, it’s a complete loss, Otto you bastard!!]

Otto: [Eh!?]

While his face was still red, Subaru had a wicked smile as he declared his defeat in a loud voice. The second he heard this, Otto’s face turned pale and he shouted.

At that, with Subaru and Otto’s back-and-forth argument echoing within the confines of the cabin, naturally, one-by-one his sleeping companions heard them―― No, rather the sleeping lion pack began to wake up.

And like that, with joy and reproach, there was an eruption of feelings of joy and sorrow.

Inside of that noisy cabin, beside the troubled Subaru and Otto, Beatrice watched it from beginning to end with her chin resting on her hands,

Beatrice: [Good grief… They all act far too much like children, I suppose.]

Saying this, with the attitude of a lone bystander, she looked over this scene with affection.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The simultaneous evacuation of the citizens from the Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

That was a matter of great importance that had been conducted while Subaru was unconscious; Subaru had woken up in the cabin of a dragon carriage allocated to the transportation of important individuals, among the large group who had undertaken that action.

Pulled by a great number of ground dragons, it was a mobile sleeping quarter, an extraordinary product that could be used for both evacuation and recuperation. With such august treatment, it seemed Subaru had been taken out from the Imperial Capital.

Hiain: [Bro! I’m real glad ya’re safe! When the power left my body along the way, I got real damn worried, not knowin’ what might’ve happened to ya!]

Weitz: [I wouldn’t care if the bearded bastard died, but if we lose you, the Battalion’d be finished… If you’re on the verge of death, use me or anyone else as a shield…]

Idra: [Weitz’s phrasing bothers me, but I agree. Schwartz, I’m truly glad that you’ve returned. Both as a member of the Battalion, and as my own individual.]

Those were the reactions of people within group that had been waiting for Subaru to wake up, the three people who had reliably accompanied him since the Gladiator Island as a Unit, comprised of Hiain, Weitz, and Idra.

Regardless of Idra, who had gone with him during the battle, Hiain and Weitz had certainly been especially worried, having gone off separately.

And that was not the only reason for which he had to apologize to those three.

Subaru: [My bad. Because I fainted, everyone’s strengthening must have come undone…]

Weitz: [Don’t worry ‘bout that… Luckily, that only happened when we were already startin’ to evacuate.]

Hiain: [That’s right! The only one who nearly died from that bein’ cut off was this skull-lookin’ bastard, he was in the middle of supportin’ a crumblin’ pillar. If the Governor hadn’t been there, he woulda been crushed to death…]

Weitz: [Didn’t I tell ya not to speak of that…!]

As usual, Weitz’s thoughtful concern for Subaru was ruined by Hiain’s uncalled-for comment. Seeing the scene of the duo quarreling, Idra shrugged his shoulders.

With Cor Leonis having come undone right in the middle of the Imperial Capital, he had supposedly been exposed to danger as a result,

Idra: [As Weitz said, don’t sweat it, Schwartz. From the moment that we decided to follow you, whatever would happen beyond that point would be our own responsibility.]

Subaru: [But…]

Idra: [And even if I say that, I know that you’re the one who’s going to be worried. ――I’ll leave the rest of the discussion to those girls who seem to have known you longer than we have.]

As always, Idra was good at wrapping up the conversation rationally.

Thanks to this, Subaru, who could only make emotional objections, was silenced. Idra left the cabin with Hiain and Weitz, who were still grappling with each other.

Like that, as the three of them were leaving, a small figure was about to follow them,

Subaru: [Tanza.]

Tanza: […I sincerely apologize for not being of use at such a crucial time. I am truly glad that you have been able to return, Schwartz-sama.]

Despondently hanging her head, Tanza responded in a formal tone.

Thinking back to the time when they were separated in the Imperial Capital, he could understand Tanza’s regrets about her own lack of strength. However, that did not seem to be the only reason for her dispirited expression.

Subaru: [What’s wrong? If something happened…]

Tanza: [――. No, it is not something that I should talk to Schwartz-sama about right now. Please rest your body, and spend time with everyone at ease.]

After a moment’s hesitation, Tanza also exited the cabin without saying anything more.

He tried to reach out towards her frail back, but both of Subaru’s hands were occupied. Still, Subaru’s heart appealed to him, not wanting to leave Tanza alone, having made such a face.

Within his heart, he firmly decided that he would definitely hear the reason for that face later.

Then――,

???: [――Subaru.]

After seeing off those who had left the cabin earlier, what formulated in this moment, as if it had been eagerly waiting to call out to him, was a lively voice in the tone of silver bells, tenderly striking upon his eardrums.

Subaru: [――――]

A beat, was the time he needed to both react to that voice, and turn towards it.

The uneasiness of having caused her to worry, or the embarrassment of not being able to face her, or some petty pride; such things had not been the reason.

It was simply that Subaru genuinely needed to mentally prepare himself.

After all――,

Subaru: [Emilia.]

Because, just by calling the other person’s name out, Subaru’s heart experienced a sweet, tingling sensation.

At Subaru’s call, filled with nervousness, the woman herself―― Emilia smiled softly,

Emilia: [Mhm, I’m glad to finally see you again… Even so, even when you’re this far away, you’ve made lots of friends, Subaru. I’m reaaally relieved.]

Subaru: [Friends…]

Emilia: [Yes. After all, Subaru, everyone was reaaally worried about you, and never left your side.]

At Emilia’s words, Subaru lowered his head, remembering the state of the cabin up until a moment ago.

No matter how strong Subaru’s feelings about causing them worry had been, whenever he was told it was a bad habit of his, he felt bad about it, but.

Subaru: [I’m… such a lucky guy.]

Emilia: [That’s definitely true. But I want Subaru to be more and more happy, so this tiny amount is not enough at all.]

Subaru: [Even after all the good you’ve done for me?]

Emilia: [So, when you do something for me, do you ever feel satisfied, and that it’s enough, Subaru?]

Emilia tilted her head, and while she felt her beautiful, silver hair cascade down her slender shoulders, Subaru was at a loss for words, completely cornered.

She was right. When he wanted to do something for the people he loved, he never thought if what he was doing was enough, but rather he thought if there was more that he could do.

Seeing Subaru’s reaction, Emilia smiled and said “Hehe”,

Emilia: [What do you think? I’m not wrong, am I? My Knight.]

Subaru: […Yup. You’ve grown so much while I’ve been away, and I’m so proud of you, but I’ve missed you, Emilia!]

Emilia: [Emilia?]

Subaru: […No, it’s… Emilia-tan.]

When asked again, Subaru recalled the long-forgotten name he called her.

Yes, that was what Subaru called the girl who was so important, so precious, so dear, and that he got his heart all messed up when he thought about her.

As soon as he called Emilia that name, a feeling of harmony quickly overcame him.

While Subaru was reflecting on that feeling,

Petra: [Emilia-neesama! It’s about time we had a chat with Subaru!]

The long-awaited, tender mood between Subaru and Emila was interrupted by Petra, a young girl who asserted her presence by raising her small hand.

Woken up after the earlier commotion, and afterwards not able to calmly celebrate the reunion due to the chaos that had followed, Petra hungered for the chance to reunite while anger burned in her round eyes.

Petra: [We haven’t been able to talk to Subaru properly yet. ――Except for Otto-san, who sneaked in.]

Otto: [Ugh. That is not, I was not trying to sneak in…]

Garfiel: [Oh? Oh? Excuses, Ottobro. What kind of excuses is he gonna tell, ain’t we all a lil’ excited to hear? Ya sneakin’ in here hurt even my amazin’ self,  y’know…]

Otto: [Even Garfiel is snapping at me!?]

Garfiel dropped his shoulders in disappointment and made a sad gesture. With his attack stacked on top of Petra’s, Otto opened his eyes wide and shouted.

Then Beatrice followed up with, “That’s right, in fact”, as if to add insult to injury.

Beatrice: [Betty heard, I suppose. Otto said it himself, that he secretly came to talk to Subaru so that Petra and the others wouldn’t find out about it, in fact.]

Emilia: [Huh, really? Otto-kun, I understand how you feel, but we were all worried about Subaru, so you shouldn’t cheat.]

Otto: [I have no allies! Rather than incurring a terrible loss, this hurts far worse!]

Being called out by a backstabbing Beatrice and by Emilia, who were reacting to it honestly, Otto clutched his chest, getting vigorously punishment for his deeds.

While laughing at such a lively group of people,

Frederica: [Despite Otto-sama’s bad habits, I am beyond glad that we were able to meet, since Emilia-sama, Beatrice-sama, and, of course, Petra were not in the least bit happy.]

Frederica said this softly.

She, like Petra, was also dressed in a traveling outfit instead of a maid’s uniform, which was a rare sight. However, Subaru was immediately surprised to see a sight even rarer than that.

The smiling Frederica had a tear well up in the corner of her eye, and it almost started to run down her cheek.

Petra: [F-Frederica-neesama, you’re crying!]

Frederica: [Huh? Ah, m-my apologies. I was just, you know, completely relieved… How indecent of me.]

Subaru: […No, it’s not indecent or anything at all. That’s how worried you were about me.]

Frederica’s tears surprised him, but more than that, he was grateful.

As Frederica had stated, they had rushed to find Subaru and Rem who were missing, and the amount of trouble they had to overcome to get here was immeasurable.

They were in the Empire, which was in a state of civil war; its borders had probably not been easy to cross.

They had certainly overcome a number of obstacles that could not have been overcome by proper means in order to reach Subaru.

Subaru: [Really, thank you, everyone.]

Garfiel: [Heheh, it’s only natural that our amazin’ selves’d come here. Without the Captain, we can’t get our amazin’ selves together in any way, shape, or form.]

Petra: [Yeah, Garf-san is right… I am surprised that you became so tiny, though.]

Garfiel rubbed the bridge of his nose, and Petra, smiling and nodding, chimed in at the end.

Certainly, this could not be said to be over just with all of them coming together―― at least not with Subaru’s current condition. As expected, they did not intend to return to the Kingdom of Lugunica with Subaru in a shrunken state.

Natsuki Subaru would not be able to stand alongside Emilia unless he returned to his original age of eighteen.

Subaru: [Well, Beatrice… ahem ! Beako, you don’t mind me lining up next to you?]

Beatrice: [Nothing wrong with being at the same eye level, I suppose. But Betty misses being up in Subaru’s arms already, in fact. That’s why a big Subaru is preferable, I suppose.]

Petra: [Me too! I also think the big Subaru is better. I do think the current Subaru is nice and cute, but…]

Emilia: [Oh, you think he’s cute, too. I’m glad I’m not the only one who thought so.]

Emilia’s slightly off-beat response to the conversation caused a relaxed atmosphere to spread throughout the cabin.

Subaru could feel the nostalgia of the long-separated Emilia camp in this gentle, indescribable atmosphere, and his soul found a sense of satisfaction.

Having been thrown into the Vollachian Empire, he had spent time with the People of Shudraq, Flop, Medium, and later with members from Gladiator Island, all of whom had formed the Pleiades Battalion. However, the atmosphere of this reunion was different from any of them.

While everyone he had met was precious, the preciousness of this space, which had been kept away from him for so long, was something he took the time to appreciate.

Subaru: [But, as expected, guess Roswaal or Ram couldn’t come. No, it’s already pretty bad just to have Emilia-tan here.]

Subaru gave a wry smile when he mentioned the faces that he did not see in the cabin.

Meili was also not there, but it would be difficult for her to cross the border in order to accompany Emilia and the others due to her situation. In all likelihood, she had stayed back at the mansion with Ram and――.

Emilia: [Huh? No, you’re wrong there. Ram and Roswaal are here with us. They were reaaally worried about you, Subaru.]

Subaru: [――What?]

Subaru’s thoughts were shattered by Emilia’s answer, who had a strange look on her face.

As Emilia’s beautiful voice resonated in his head, saying Ram and Roswaal had come with them, Subaru’s eyes widened in shock.

The presence of Roswaal was a tremendous surprise, but that was put aside for now.

Because, the problem was not Roswaal,

Subaru: [Ram, she’s here, too?]

Petra: [She’s here. Ram-neesama was also worried about you, Subaru… Ah! Just don’t mention that to her, okay?]

Subaru: [I won’t. I won’t. I won’t mention it, but that’s not what I’m talking about…]

Shaking his head, Petra’s words made Subaru’s brain fire off.

What he was talking about, was that Ram being here meant――,

Subaru: [Did, she already meet with Rem?]

Emilia: [Ah…]

As soon as Subaru asked the question, everyone’s expression except for Subaru’s suddenly became tense.

That reaction was what Subaru had feared the most.

Emilia and the others’ reactions, which were of the “I forgot to tell Subaru” variety, told him that it had happened while Subaru was sleeping.

――The reunion of the separated sisters, Ram and Rem.

Subaru: [Waaah――!! I so wanted to be theeeere!!]

Emilia: [S-sorry, Subaru, but we wanted them to see each other as soon as possible…!]

Subaru: [I know I know, I’m such a damn idiot―― Hk!]

Covering his face with his hands, Subaru exclaimed about his own stupidity for having missed the historic moment.

Emilia and others attempted their utmost to comfort Subaru, but this was no one’s fault, and Subaru’s wounds would remain unhealed.

If pressed to say, it was Subaru who was the most at fault for having slept during such a critical moment.

Even so――,

Subaru: [H-how was it? Both of their reactions…]

Emilia: [Um, well, they were a little hesitant at first… But it felt reaaally special! I even cried a little, too!]

Subaru: [Graaah!]

Beatrice: [Emilia! You need to elaborate more, in fact! Subaru is pitiable, I suppose!]

Emilia: [Huh, right! I’m sorry, I’m sorry!]

Even so, the frustration did not abate in the slightest, so Subaru’s frustration remained entire.

As Subaru shed tears of frustration, he realized once again how much he hated the fact that when he was about to really cry, this childish body could not hold back the tears.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――――]

Right in front of her, from behind the door she was about to reach for, she heard a powerful, loud shout.

The bellowing voice and its contents stopped Rem from moving, and her mind was racked with hesitation, her shapely eyebrows furrowing together, wondering what to do.

???: [Uu, au?]

Rem: […I’m sorry about that. I know you want to see him, Louis-chan.]

Right beside Rem, Louis, hugging her around the waist, looked up at her curiously.

Once the unconscious Subaru woke up, Louis wanted to talk to Subaru herself, but she held herself back, rushing to Rem’s side.

Then, she took her by the hand and led her to Subaru’s sleeping quarters――,

Rem: [――――]

The voices coming from inside the cabin belonged to Subaru and his companions.

Putting it like that, it may have sounded like an outsider’s matter, but it seemed that these friends were also closely related to Rem. ――She did not really feel a connection with them, just like she did not really feel a connection with Subaru.

Rem: [They’re not bad people at all, I know that.]

The group, led by Emilia, who was the first person she had met among them, had come in search of both Rem and Subaru, and they were clearly considerate of their companions, full of action, and above all, good people.

According to what she had heard, they hailed from the Kingdom neighboring the Empire, even though crossing over was forbidden, going as far as to participate in a civil war with which they had no connection.

All of this had been performed to save Subaru―― or rather, to save Subaru and Rem, who had been caught up in the Empire’s rebellion.

In the same way that Rem could also not escape from this struggle in the Empire――.

???: [――You can hear Barusu’s rapacious voice.]

As a voice suddenly called to her back while deep in thought, Rem gasped slightly.

Instead of Rem, it was Louis, who was hugging her around the waist, who turned around to look at the other party. They looked back at Louis, who was looking at her, and let out a small sigh,

???: [Stop glaring at Ram with such an accusatory look. This was a tough love lesson for Barusu… No, there’s no love, so it’s just tough. Yes, a purely tough lesson.]

Rem: […Does that mean you don’t like him?]

???: [There’s no hate, just many opportunities for disdain.]

With that said, Rem also turned to the other party, who was slowly walking toward her, their shoes making a sound.

She took a beat to turn around to look in that direction, as she needed to muster up the courage to look at the other person’s face directly.

After all, that face was familiar to Rem’s, even though she had no memory of it.

It was――,

Rem: […Ram-san.]

Ram: [What a cold way to address Ram, considering she’s ready to be called older sister.]

Rem: [For me, everything was so sudden that…]

The woman who stood in front of her, clutching her elbows and puffing out her chest―― Ram, which was how she referred to herself, which was how she was referred to by those around her, bore a lot of resemblance to Rem herself.

The color of her hair and eyes, and the overwhelming pressure of confidence overflowing within them, marked the differences between her and Rem.

It seemed that she was Rem’s older sister, who had no memory of her.

To be honest, there was no room for denial after comparing their facial features. The name of her older sister, conveyed to her many times before by Subaru, was certainly “Ram”.

Above all else, what undeniably predominated Rem’s mind was――,

Ram: [Whatever you may want to think, Rem’s heart will feel the truth, because Ram and Rem are sisters… Synesthesia doesn’t lie.]

Rem: [Synesthesia…]

Ram: [A sort of connection of the soul between twins. All along, Ram has felt Rem’s presence… Is Rem different?]

Rem: [――――]

Rem closed her lips at Ram, who narrowed her light-crimson eyes as she asked directly.

If asked whether Rem was different or not, then no, not at all. While she did not understand well that thing called Synesthesia, inside Rem there was a very, very strong sensation that felt different.

That was an overwhelming feeling of safety towards Ram, whom she was supposedly meeting for the first time.

Rem: […But I’m afraid.]

Ram: [Afraid?]

Rem: [To have such feelings about you, with whom I have only exchanged a few words in a short time.]

For Rem, who had lost her memory, Subaru and Louis were the only two people who were present at the moment her present self began. Due to the circumstances, she had pushed Subaru away and kept Louis by her side at first.

After that, Rem got to know the Shudraqians, got to know Flop and Medium, got to know Priscilla and Katya, and in Rem’s own way, she established various relationships with them.

Even then, Ram’s very existence overtook them all at once, attempting to stand at the top.

Rem: [That is what I’m afraid of…]

This inexpressible sense of security, it was the footsteps of the past approaching.

It was not that she did not wish to regain her lost memories. But it also seemed as though many of Rem’s problems would surely come back to her with those memories’ return.

But at the same time, she feared that when those footsteps caught up with her, everything would change.

If the way one saw, the way one felt, the way one thought, if everything changed.

Yes, firmly, intensely, Rem shut her eyes and clutched her chest.

And there――,

Ram: [Yes. ――What a relief.]

Rem: [Huh?]

An unexpected voice was heard, and Rem opened her tightly shut eyelids to look up.

Ram, who was clutching her elbows in front of Rem, stared at her, lowering the corners of her eyes slightly, wondering what she had just said,

Ram: [Ram is thinking the same as Rem. Afraid.]

Rem: [Afraid, you mean…]

Ram: [What if Rem were to accept Synesthesia that naturally, and jump into Ram’s chest as if it were guaranteed? ――Yes, Ram was afraid.]

Rem: [――――]

As she had a tender expression, but spoke about fear, Rem began to understand less how Ram in front of her felt. ――No, that was not it.

Understanding what she did not understand, that was what confused her.

Louis: [U!]

Suddenly, instead of Rem, whose eyes were swimming with confusion, it was Louis who groaned as she hugged her around the waist.

Louis, glaring at Ram from below, was sensitive to the quaking in Rem’s heart, sharpening her gaze as if to scold Ram for causing it.

Meeting Louis’s gaze, Ram’s eyes narrowed slightly,

Ram: [Trying to stand between Ram and Rem? Of all people, you?]

Louis: [Aau~!]

Ram: [So, you’re not going to back down. This is complicated, but not unpleasant.]

Just what history was there between them, for Ram to have stated as such while displaying signs that she also knew Louis, then looked into Rem’s eyes once again. When their eyes met, she could not separate them from hers.

Even though her heart felt like being burned by the intensity of that gaze, her soul was attracted to it.

Her anxiety grew stronger and stronger.

Just as equally strong as her captivation towards Ram.

Feeling it intensely, Rem bit her lip hard,

Rem: [You certainly must be my older sister. I can believe that without a doubt. It’s just…]

Ram: [Even if your heart is convinced, your mind is not?]

Rem: […Yes.]

Ram: [Right. Then, that is fine for now.]

Rem nodded weakly, and Ram closed the distance with another step.

The former’s shoulders tensed at the sight of her approaching, and Louis stepped forward to protect her. But Rem gently held Louis’s shoulder with an “It’s okay”, stopping the gentle little girl.

Then, of their own volition, they directed their gazes directly at Ram.

With Rem’s gaze on her, Ram uncrossed her arms and held out her hand. The hand that was offered by the person whose heart had already recognized her as her sister.

Ram: [I am Ram. Your older sister, doubtlessly born to love you.]

Rem: [――――]

Ram: [Though, there are other people just as important to this independent older sister of yours too.]

At those words, spoken with such calm and confidence, Rem’s eyes widened.

Then, as the meaning of the words began to sink in, a gasp escaped her lips. Rem just gave a little smile and laughed,

Rem: [It turns out, you are a frightening person. When I talk to you, I feel like my body just surrenders itself into this sense of security I feel.]

Ram: [It cannot be helped, Ram is the kind of older sister you just want to put all your trust and love in.]

Rem: [Yes, Ram-neesan.]

Ram proudly puffed out her chest, her hand being timidly grasped by Rem, who at last had addressed her in that manner. Upon hearing that, Ram raised her eyebrows slightly.

It had taken courage for Rem to address her as such, so that reaction was unexpected.

Rem: [Umm?]

Ram: […As much as doing it like Barusu said annoys me, this sure doesn’t feel comfortable.]

Rem: [Errr?]

Ram: [――Nee-sama.]

Rem: [Huh?]

With Ram looking sour for an instant then continuing her few words, Rem widened her eyes. In response to Rem’s reaction, Ram repeated herself once more, saying the same thing again.

Ram: [Address Ram with “nee-sama”. That feels the most comfortable.]

Rem: […Ram, nee-sama?]

Ram: [The name is unnecessary.]

Rem: [――Nee-sama.]

Doing exactly as she was told to, drawing ever closer to what Ram wished to be called, the latter shut her eyes tightly. Then, she pulled Rem’s hand, the one she was gripping, towards herself; Rem stumbled around a bit on reflex, but came to have Ram gently catch her body from the front, embracing her.

And continuing like that, Ram put her lips to Rem’s ear, and,

Ram: [Now Ram can clearly feel it. ――Ram is Rem’s nee-sama.]

Rem: [I feel, it too.]

Thus, as soon as she was embraced by her arms, what she had been afraid of overflowed from her.

What she had dubbed a sense of security, was an attraction to her soul, a love for Ram. Firmly, gently, it engulfed even Rem, who was supposedly without memories.

Ram: […As much as it pains Ram to say it, but are you ready for this, Rem?]

Rem: [Ready… for what?]

Ram: [Ready to go inside; we need to show it off to Barusu, not to mention show it off to Emilia-sama and the others. We need to boast our sisterly love, that will alleviate any lingering worries.]

Due to Ram’s words, Rem closed her eyes.

Even now, be it Emilia and everyone else or Subaru as well, how she ought to face them and what expression she should have were questions for which she had not found an answer.

But, at the very least, there were no doubts whatsoever about the feeling of Ram being her sister, about her feelings for Ram.

Rem: [Yes, nee-sama.]

Ram: [Like I thought, perhaps we should put that off until you call Ram that a hundred times.]

Rem: [Nee-sama…]

Ram: [It’s a joke.]

To the nodding Rem, Ram told a joke that had not sounded like a joke.

Seeing such a mischievous attitude from her sister filled Rem’s heart with relief, even if for but a single moment, despite her own self’s sense of urgency, despite the fact that they were in a situation that was otherwise a matter of the utmost urgency.

Louis: [Uau, auaaau~?]

Rem: [Yes, I’m fine. And thank you, Louis-chan, for your concern.]

Louis: [Uh!]

Louis had been standing by Rem’s side the whole time, caught in the middle of Rem and Ram’s dialogue. Relieving her of her fears with a smile, Rem gently stroked the head of the kind little girl.

Then, with Louis in tow, Rem mustered up the courage to line up next to her sister, who had turned around halfway.

Without stopping, Ram and her shared glances and nodded, and the two of them reached for the door before them and――,

Rem: [――Pardon us. I could hear you making a lot of noise, even from outside.]

Ram: [It was a very Barusu-like yell, like many little animals put together, wasn’t it?]

And so, the sisters both stepped into the cabin their companions were in.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [Haa… Feels like a huge weight’s been lifted off my shoulders…]

Keenly sensing that a huge load had disappeared from his chest, Subaru muttered so.

That huge load on his chest, it had been the responsibility Subaru had needed to take upon himself―― with nobody else around to protect Rem, he would see that duty through, and make it so Ram, Emilia, and everyone else could meet her.

In all honesty, however, upon learning that he had not been present for the reunion of the sisters, Ram and Rem, he had been struck with grief akin to that of the world ending.

Subaru: [If only I could’ve presented the two of them lined up side-by-side, like that…]

The demeanor of those two, visiting Subaru’s cabin together, made him believe that it had at least not gone badly, even if he did not know exactly what sort of exchanges the two sisters had had.

Once Subaru grasped this, the frustration he had felt just before vanished, and a sense of relief washed over him.

Finally, he had finally made it so that Rem and Ram could meet.

He had made it so that Rem could meet with Emilia, with Beatrice, with everyone else.

Just how much of that could be said to be due to Subaru’s contributions, he did not know, but it had been done regardless.

That Subaru himself had also been able to meet up with Emilia and the gang, was a matter of great celebration.

Subaru: [Although, I’m still small, and Rem’s Memories aren’t back yet…]

However, he could sense that the seeds of hope were budding.

As far as the matter of Subaru’s size went, it could be said that a way for it to be resolved could be seen in the near future; and assuredly, he would be able to find a way to restore Rem’s Memories.

So, what came next was――,

Beatrice: […Is it really alright if you don’t have Betty with you, in fact?]

Subaru: [No, I’m not that composed at all, but that guy won’t show his face with you around, Beako, so indulge my selfishness for just a while.]

Beatrice: [If anything happens, call for Betty right away, I suppose. Betty will come rushing with a zyoom , in fact.]

Subaru: [I’ll be counting on you.]

Until the very end, Beatrice wanted to avoid letting go of Subaru’s hand.

The deeply considerate girl tenderly detached her hand; once Emilia and everyone else reluctantly parted with him and exited the cabin, Subaru was left with nobody else in the cabin filled with silence.

Once the factors for it having been so lively up until this point had all left the cabin, Subaru was instantly overwhelmed by a myriad of misgivings.

The retreat from the Imperial Capital, on how large of a scale had it been undertaken? Had the origin of that horde of zombies been grasped? Was the relationship between the Imperial Army and the rebels improving? For what reason had Emilia and the others purposely only touched upon nothing but upbeat topics? What was the answer for Tanza’s somber expression?

And, the events that had occurred just before, when Subaru had gone unconscious, how had they concluded?

Subaru: [Even if you don’t answer everything, can you at least answer around half of them?]

???: [――That would depend on how much you are willing to compromise.]

In the sleeping quarters bereft of people, Subaru’s words, spoken as he raised his upper body from the bed, were answered by a figure that had likely been waiting for everyone to finish leaving.

There was the sound of shoes stepping firmly, leisurely, on the floor in a dignified manner, punctuated by a posture which lacked any hesitation to make their presence known to those in the environs.

Their deportment, the keen glint of their eyes, none of it deviated from his memory. And yet, they were markedly different in some way, that person―― that black-haired man, Subaru fixedly stared at his handsome looks.

And then――,

???: [How eloquently shall you speak, Natsuki Subaru? ――O Stargazer of the Dragon Kingdom.]

And thus, his black eyes pregnant with hostility, Vincent Vollachia inquired so of Natsuki Subaru.

--- Chapter 11: Shut the Hell Up ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――Are you going to see him, Abel-san?]

Stopping at the call from his side, Vincent turned around.

Multiple carriages were coupled to one another, treated as a single long dragon carriage, which allowed the Divine Protection of the multiple ground dragons to be applied to its entirety―― Vincent batted one eye shut, upon witnessing a familiar blue-haired girl standing at the juncture he had crossed over.

Thinking back, it had been a long time since he had last exchanged words with her in this way.

Vincent: [Have the uninvited guests from the Kingdom achieved their purpose?]

Blue-Haired Girl: [Their purpose is not me, but…]

Vincent: [Cease. Do not take up my time with nonsense that even you do not fully believe. Time is precious. Especially under the current circumstances. As you understand.]

Blue-Haired Girl: [――――]

At the sound of Vincent’s sharp voice, the girl lowered her head with eyes downcast.

However, she quickly raised it again, adopting Vincent’s notion of time being limited,

Blue-Haired Girl: [Are you going to see him, Abel-san?]

And, she piled that very same inquiry onto him once more.

Vincent: [I am not Abel. I, am Vincent Vollachia.]

To that question, Vincent replied without changing his expression.

Abel was a temporary name, which he had utilized for his own convenience during his escape and nothing more. He had taken it from Abellux, his family name from the time before his ascension to Emperor, a name he held no particular attachment to.

But, his displeasure towards being called that was stronger, right now.

Vincent: [――. It has been reported that that thing is awake. I must confront him.]

Pushing aside his displeasure, Vincent answered the girl’s inquiry.

Whatever she thought, it would not alter Vincent’s decision. He did not think she had such thoughts or intentions to begin with.

Protected, displaced, distressed, and after a long period of time, she would come to a natural conclusion.

Like many others, she was merely a single ordinary person.

Ergo, Vincent attempted to cut that dialogue short.

However――,

Blue-Haired Girl: [He is not your enemy, Abel-san.]

Vincent: [――What?]

Upon receiving a reply from the girl he had expected to remain silent and downcast, a reply with contents contrary to his expectations, Vincent furrowed his brow.

The girl thus glared at Vincent, her pale-blue eyes containing a definite purpose.

There was a light that, as of their parting, had not dwelled in them; timidly yet boldly it penetrated Vincent, as if trying to intimidate him.

Vincent: [――. I am Vincent Vollachia. There shall not be a third time.]

Blue-Haired Girl: [I am sorry. But I do not have my memories, so I do not know much about His Excellency, Emperor Vincent. So there is nothing I can say to Him.]

Vincent: [――――]

Blue-Haired Girl: [He is not your enemy, Abel-san.]

Without once averting her gaze, the girl yet again emphasized so.

Vincent had a good understanding of her based on the abilities she possessed: she was the reins with which to control Natsuki Subaru, and a valuable user of healing magic.

Supposing that she had taken that self-assured stance against Vincent while being aware of her own position, he would be compelled to do nothing but dub her as possessing considerable mettle. Yet, that did not seem to be the case.

And thus――,

Vincent: [You, what did you say your name was?]

Blue-Haired Girl: [――It’s Rem. At least now I can definitively answer that.]

Vincent: [The girl who has no memories, making such a declaration?]

Rem: [It’s strange. Even though my heart and my mind don’t remember, there are things that your surroundings can teach you. I know that I’m Rem, thanks to someone who kept telling me that all this time.]

Whether it was gratitude or exasperation, the girl―― Rem herself did not comprehend which of the two her way of speaking was conveying.

However, understanding that it was not connected to disgust or other loathsome negative thoughts, Vincent concluded that there was no need for further conversation.

Turning his back, he proceeded to walk away. And as he did so,

Vincent: [Rem, never again let mine time be so needlessly squandered. At your next act of disrespect, I shall lop off your head.]

Leaving her with those words, he ended his conversation with Rem.

And then――,

Vincent: [How eloquently shall you speak, Natsuki Subaru? ――O Stargazer of the Dragon Kingdom.]

△▼△▼△▼△

While acutely sensing the hostility being directed towards him, Subaru stood face to face with the man.

In retrospect, his relationship with this man could be summed up with the word “enigmatic”.

At their first meeting, he had been a suspicious masked man camping out in a forest. On that occasion, he had been frantically searching for Rem and Louis, whom he had lost sight of; hence why he had not been desperate to probe deeper into that matter, but the man was far from just being a suspicious person.

The next time they met, it had occurred inside a cage in the Shudraqian village; Subaru could hardly explain why the man had acted so self-important despite his status as a prisoner. He would rather that there had been some means of escape, because after that he was made to take part in the Lifeblood Ritual, in which he had acted without a plan.

Thereafter, his help in retrieving Rem notwithstanding, he had come to part with Subaru on one occasion; however, he had known that Subaru’s group would have no option but to return. Not informing them of those circumstances had been a show of his underhandedness.

Immediately after, he had fully cooperated with Subaru’s plan to capture the Fortress City of Guaral; as the dancers that went by Natsumi Schwartz, Bianca, and Flora, they entered the enemy’s stronghold together.

There were doubts regarding his unusual relationship with Priscilla; and after, in the Demon City, he was courted by Yorna; and without hesitation, he declared that Louis should not be allowed to live; thus was their relationship upon parting ways.

And even then, once Subaru had escaped from the Gladiator Island, and once he heard of the situation enveloping the Empire at large, he had held full conviction that said situation had been instigated by that man, the Emperor who had been ousted from his throne.

Abandoning the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, he had taken command of the great number of people making their retreat, of the great number of people evacuating the Imperial Capital. And once more, leading the people of the Empire as the one at their apex, the one regarded as the wisest Emperor――.

Subaru: [It’s an honor to have Vincent Vollachia-san come and visit me. You arrived at just the right time; can you peel me an appa?]

Vincent: [Do not play games with me. In the first place, I am not one to do the likes of peeling fruit. Where are the appas, even?]

Subaru: [Where are…?]

At the question of the man who had set foot into the sleeping quarters, approaching him, Subaru’s gaze turned to the side.

Even in another world, it was standard practice for fruit to be brought when visiting someone injured or ill; it was perhaps a bit of a cliché in situations of the sort. For that reason, there was a basket of appas next to his bed.

Naturally, his conversational partner should have been able to see it as well.

Subaru: [In that basket of fruits there. The red ones, don’t they look delicious or what?]

Vincent: [Fool, are you duping me? Appas are fruits of white color.]

Subaru: [Well, they’re white inside once you’ve peeled them, but… Wait, this conversation, I think I recall having this very exchange, stored way, way back in the recesses of my memories.]

His memories of it were rather faint, but he had the feeling he’d once had the same conversation quite some time prior.

The details of whom he had been talking to at the time could not be recalled, but he did have the memory of getting the same impression he was getting now, that those of nobility had reached an extreme to this point.

Either way――,

Subaru: [I guess there are things you don’t know either. How unexpected.]

With that not-at-all-tense preface to their first mutual exchange of words in a while, feeling like they had not started off badly, Subaru stated so.

At Subaru’s words, the man―― Abel, extended a hand to the basket, and split an appa in half with the knife left there. Naturally, a cross-section of its white insides was exposed.

Subaru: [――――]

Laying eyes upon that undeniable result, did he have the mind to admit what was actually factual in their previous exchange? Abel put down the knife, and, leaving the fruit split in half in the basket, turned to Subaru.

Moistening those sable eyes of his still, was unmistakable hostility.

Subaru: [No way, you’re mad at me for embarrassing you about the color of an appa…? You’re the one who’s called me something weird just now.]

Vincent: [Stargazer of the Dragon Kingdom, it was.]

Subaru: [That was it.]

One more time being made aware of how he had been referred to, Subaru frowned, as he had no idea what he was on about.

That term was not one he had no recollection of. If he was not mistaken, from what he had heard, it was something like a term that referred to the fortune tellers that accompanied the Emperor closely, in the Empire.

Very much like the Dragon History Stone, the Kingdom of Lugunica’s tablet of prophecies, they were an existence that spoke of the future.

Subaru: [No, feels like you spoke of it in a way even worse than that… You put it like it’s like peeping into the near future.]

Vincent: [I recognize it as such, without a doubt. That is how I perceive those things .]

Subaru: [If that’s the case, you spoke of me as if I’m a peeping tom just now, are you aware of that?]

If times had not changed, by regular standards, wouldn’t he have the right to cut Abel down for the affront? Or, to put it into modern terms Subaru was aware of, he was prepared to fight for defamation of character in a civil court.

However, faced with Subaru’s reply, Abel’s countenance did not waver in the slightest. Those black eyes of his, the same color as Subaru’s own, but distinct in their depth, told Subaru that he had no intent to play along.

Of course, Subaru did not intend to mess about either――,

Vincent: [You, just how much have you grasped?]

Subaru: [How much have I grasped, about the current situation? If that’s what you mean, I wasn’t told many of the details. Emilia and everyone were all worried about me right after I woke up… But I know we’re in the middle of evacuating.]

Vincent: [――――]

Subaru: [The civil war has stopped for the time being, everyone’s fleeing from the Imperial Capital right now… Though you’d think it would be hella chaotic, it doesn’t seem like it’s turned into a huge uproar.]

The dragon carriages moved unceasingly, the night view outside the window shifted at a slow pace, but with the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion shielding them from the vibration and the howling of the wind, all was quiet.

One would think the very quietude in the passenger cars of the dragon carriages as being quite loud, but that the dragon carriages had not halted their march even once was evidence that no major troubles had popped up.

And that was in spite of the fact that a considerable number of people, most likely in the hundreds of thousands, were being transported.

Subaru: [The Nine Divine Generals and whatnot probably served as a unifying force, but that alone wouldn’t be enough. As I thought, you’re quite the big deal, man.]

Vincent: [――――]

Subaru: [Honestly, when I heard the story of you being betrayed by your right-hand man and retainer, being ousted from the throne, I really wondered if it’d be fine to have you back as Emperor, but, it turned out to be the right option.]

Leadership and charisma, those were the so-called qualities of those standing above others.

These qualities were not simply the result of outstanding ability, and they could probably be acquired through blood, sweat, and tears, but the people who had these traits from birth were not few in number.

The royals of each country, the heads of many an organization, were such cases.

In that sense, Abel, who’d had something to fall back on in times of emergency, still held the potential to be followed, to be looked up to by those around him.

Subaru: [It annoys me that rather than being on the fence about it, I was leaning more towards believing it. But I was right, you are the Emperor…]

Vincent: [――Is that as per your expectations as well?]

Subaru: [Huh?]

A quiet voice, however, it had certainly been laced with emotion. As it seemed way out of left field, Subaru’s brain refused to comprehend it.

As a result, Subaru did not dodge the hand that thus was extended, his forehead being pushed down onto the bed, his body following suit. And, before he could raise an objection as to what the hell was going on, he perceived the sensation of something sharp against his throat.

Which he immediately realized to be the tip of the paring knife with which the appa had just been split.

He had made that realization, yet he knew not the intent behind it. He knew not the meaning of Abel clasping that knife, and turning it towards Subaru in that manner, directing his hostility at him―― Nay, directing his hatred, the same hatred his voice was rife with.

Subaru: [――――]

From near proximity, within breathing distance of one another, Subaru and Abel shared mutual glares.

If Subaru were to carelessly raise his voice in a call for help at this juncture, Abel would not hesitate in slitting Subaru’s throat with the knife.

But conversely, that Abel was not doing so at once was because he had no reason to.

Subaru: [What, do you want… Hk.]

Vincent: [That ought to be mine question; what are your plans? To what extent exactly have you seen the current course of events unfold? Is everything up to this point in accordance with the picture you have painted?]

Subaru: [I told you already…! I told you, I don’t know what you’re talking about. What am I scheming…?]

Vincent: [――Why, did you leave me behind, and not Chisha?]

In comparison to the blade at his throat, the tone of his voice cut by far and away more deeply. It silenced Subaru, and Abel’s hand shook, trembling while gripping the knife.

As Abel gritted his teeth, as he glowered at Subaru from point-blank range, having asserted so.

That was not something Subaru was able to comprehend immediately.

Subaru: [Abel…]

Vincent: [Vincent Vollachia.]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [I, am no Abel. I am none other than the Seventy-Seventh Emperor of the Vollachian Empire, Vincent Vollachia. ――That, is the course you have desired, is it not?]

Declaring such as if he were wringing the words out of himself, Abel―― Nay, Vincent, gave his name with a hint of annoyance.

Not quite understanding the meaning of that attitude of his, an attitude as if he were cursing himself for giving his name as such, Subaru knitted his brows. Because, of course he would.

Subaru: [You… went to war so you could reclaim that name, and that crown, didn’t you…!?]

Vincent: [Incorrect. I was striving to fulfill my duty as Emperor. The Covenant with the People of Shudraq, the fall of the Fortress City, the negotiations with Yorna Mishigure, and the provocation of civil war were all for that purpose.]

Subaru: [Your duty, as Emperor…?]

Vincent: [While on the throne, Vincent Vollachia will be killed. With that as the starting point, the Great Disaster will attempt to destroy the Empire, the means to oppose it being left behind by Vincent Vollachia. That, is my duty.]

Subaru: [Hah…]

As Vincent enumerated the particulars of his undertaking to him for the first time, Subaru exhaled a hoarse breath.

That expression, “Great Disaster”, was one unfamiliar to Subaru’s ears, but what astonished Subaru even more than that was the very way Vincent had recited it all.

Per his words, upon the demise of Vincent Vollachia, the Great Disaster would commence.

Then, he had also stated that he would leave behind the means with which to oppose that Great Disaster.

Rather than searching for those means, he would leave them behind.

From how he had spoken, it was just as if――.

Subaru: [The way you spoke… It’s kinda like you knew you were going to die…]

While firmly sensing the cold tip of death trained on the neck, Subaru muttered.

With Death perhaps creeping closer to Subaru, before him, Vincent’s sable eyes wavered with uncertainty. The vast expanse that laid beyond their jet-black coloration, he had a hunch on its true identity.

‘Twas resignation, adorned with the will to resist.

Vincent: [Indeed. I have made mine demise a part of my plans. I left behind plans to ensure that the Vollachian Empire would not fall to ruin, even with mine passing.]

And thus, none other than Vincent himself confirmed his intuition as correct; the very next instant, Subaru’s mind was stained red, and his emotions burst out.

Subaru: [YOU BASTARD, STOP GODDAMN SCREWING AROUND!]

Teeth bared and eyes flaring up in anger, Subaru gave Vincent―― No, the cowardly bastard before him the death stare, bellowing out. There was a flash of acute pain at his neck, but that could be postponed until much, much later.

Right here and now, it was much more important to just beat the living shit out of this wimp wearing a self-righteous face.

Subaru: [After manipulating so many people, after making them cross so many dangerous bridges, after making them take so many unnecessary detours with you, you planned to die at the end of it all? Don’t joke around!]

Vincent: [As if I would do anything such as jest. Everything you have spoken of was done because it was the road that needed to be taken. At its terminus was to be mine death, a matter the importance of which cannot possibly be compared to the survival of the Empire, which hangs in the balance.]

Subaru: [That’s not it! What I’m saying is, why is it that the first thing you do is give up on your own life? Some huge disaster? Don’t know anything about it! Wouldn’t it be better to just stay alive and face it yourself!?]

Vincent: [Do you lot not know any better but to chatter nonsense? While I live, the Great Disaster shan’t come. That is the premise of this plan. It cannot be overturned――]

Subaru: [Who the hell decided it can’t be overturned? You’ve got a good head on you, so whether it be the Great Disaster or anything else, you could just deceive it and lure it out, and then…]

Vincent: [――Yet it was you Stargazers, who declared that it could never be overturned!]

Vincent, stifling his emotions, had been replying to a Subaru prattling on and on with sentimentality. But the former’s emotions had come to this point, and now exploded before Subaru’s eyes.

Just how unexpected had that violent outburst been from the standpoint of Vincent? Had he himself not seized the blade of the knife thrust towards Subaru with his opposite hand, who knew where the tip of the knife would have stabbed; such had been the torrent of emotions.

In drips, blood trickled from Vincent’s left hand, having seized the tip of the blade, staining the white sheets here and there.

However, neither Subaru nor Vincent paid any mind to the falling droplets of blood, instead focusing their attention towards each other’s eyes, towards the very essence of the other’s being beyond said eyes.

Yet again, Vincent had dubbed Subaru a Stargazer.

Therein laid the unmistakable reason as to why Vincent Vollachia hated, harbored hostility towards Natsuki Subaru, even going as far as to train a knife at him.

It was precisely because he happened to understand it, that those doubts could not be resolved.

Subaru: [The Stargazers… declared…]

Vincent: [――. The Stargazers hear the voices of the Observers from the heavens above, that exist beyond the framework. They speak of events that may occur in the far future, conferring us with the possibility of minimizing the damage. Still, that is but a matter of the scale of said damage. Not of how to prevent it from happening beforehand.]

In a disgusted voice, yet attempting to stifle any emotion as much as possible, Vincent began to speak.

Subaru was reminded of one thing amidst the contents of his speech. If the Stargazers were truly able to foretell the future, from his experience, actually being able to change it would be no easy feat.

Whether it ought to be called the power of fate or the natural flow of time, it would stick to a predetermined path as much as possible; those who attempted to avoid impending tragedies would be brought to their knees.

The Stargazers’ precognitions, they were akin to what Subaru knew from experience.

For example, were Subaru to Return by Death due to a natural catastrophe, even if he could urge everyone to take refuge in preparation, he would be unable to stop the natural catastrophe itself.

Whether that would prevent the destruction of houses and buildings, or even prevent the loss of human lives entirely, he would not know until he had a go at it, but he held no doubts that it would be difficult.

Vincent: [Many times in the past, the Stargazers have precluded correctly that perils would befall the Empire. Those crises were dealt with to the fullest extent possible, but some things could not be saved. Therefore, plans are necessary.]

Subaru: [Plans…]

Vincent: [Plans with which to keep the damage at a minimum, and lessen those lost to as close to zero as possible.]

――Calamities awaited in the future, doings could be done so that a greater number of people would be able to overcome them. Doings could be done so that a greater number of people would not be left behind.

If Vincent Vollachia had toiled, sparing no effort, for the sake of making that come to pass.

Vincent: [It was you, Stargazers, who whispered of mine death. How dare you, with that mouth, utter that my death must be defied? Are you toying with me… with me !?] [1]

Subaru: [W-wait, wait a sec! For quite some time now, I’m not a Stargazer or anything like…]

Vincent: [――You see things that have yet to happen. Cease your deception, Natsuki Subaru.]

With those scant words, Subaru tasted the feeling of having his heart, within his chest, being stopped.

In the process of spewing out the recesses of his very own heart, the mask of Emperor had fallen away, and visible on the other side was not the face of Vincent Vollachia, but rather the face of a man rife with defects who went by the name of Abel.

And finally, once the man looked at him directly, once the man declared those words, Subaru finally comprehended.

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Vincent―― Nay, Abel, had dubbed him a Stargazer, and Subaru had understood the reason for that.

Abel, had perceived Subaru’s Return by Death.

In precise terms, he had not perceived Subaru’s Return by Death, rather, the fact that via the loss of his life, Subaru had gone back in time, that Subaru had brought back information from the future―― he had perceived that Subaru held the means to know what laid ahead.

So then, he had comprehended that it was akin to the foresight abilities that Abel knew to be held by the Stargazers.

Subaru: [――――]

If he gave it some thought, it was quite natural that a mistake like this would possibly occur.

Because of course it would. Subaru himself, in his pursuit for understanding and comprehension, had found in Abel’s exposition about the Stargazers something in common with his own Return by Death.

Armed with the knowledge of the precedent represented by the Stargazers, if Subaru were to attain results beyond the capabilities he was possessed of, it was no surprise that he would draw a connection―― No, that he would identify him as one in the same.

Abel’s insight was a reliable one. His acumen would certainly scrutinize all things.

With that insight of his, he had immediately grasped that Subaru had not survived all the situations he had come across in the Empire through his unripe abilities and sheer fortune.

That was why, that was certainly why.

Subaru: [So, that’s why you always tried to listen to my advice?]

If Abel interpreted Subaru’s advice as a proposal that came as the result of selecting the most optimal move via seeing the future, then no matter how idiotic the proposal may have sounded to the ears, he would be unable to flat out discard it.

The refusal of allowing the Shudraqian village to go up in flames, the crossdressing performed with the purpose of capturing the Fortress City, the voyage to the Demon City of Chaosflame, the negotiations with Yorna, all of those had been so.

Abel had always explored the possibility of actualizing Subaru’s proposals, earnestly scrutinizing them.

In this manner, Abel had attempted to drag Subaru, who he thought to be a Stargazer, into the struggle for the Empire’s survival, employing him as a pawn on the board. ――After he himself was lost, Subaru would be another one of the means of opposition.

Despite this――,

Vincent: […You, left me behind, not Chisha.]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [Natsuki Subaru, you are a banal human being.]

In a form different from the one just prior, the timbre of that voice was devoid of sentiment.

There was no attempt to repress emotions. If there indeed was such an attempt, those very real emotions would still be eked out, able to be heard in their venture to appeal outwards.

Yet nothing was heard. They were not being repressed, those emotions had died.

And with that tone of voice killed of emotions, Abel let loose words bereft of hue towards Subaru.

Vincent: [A naïve, green, immature human being, holding on to plenty of bitterness. Neither do you possess virtue worthy of mention, nor do you possess viciousness worthy of mention. With neither of these, you would have accomplished nothing, and died an ordinary man.]

Subaru’s characterization, spoken so matter-of-factly, left absolutely no room for retort.

As per Abel’s pertinent judgment, Subaru could not become anyone special. Even immersed in the lack of maturity of his body and mind, with his spirit returned to the days when he had believed himself to be a child prodigy, he also knew what he would eventually be in the future to come, a half-baked human being.

But――,

Vincent: [You have been bestowed with an opportunity to surpass banal, ordinary men. By making perfect use of it, you have survived till this day. You have not been banal, you have not been an ordinary person, you have no strong disposition toward either virtue or viciousness.]

Subaru: [Abel…]

Vincent: [You… are a banal human being… If so, why.]

Firmly, potently, Abel tightly gritted his teeth, looking at Subaru.

He cast away his expression, his nobleness and his graciousness, his composure and his self-confidence and everything entirely, baring the true face visible behind the mask of Emperor that had been stripped away, his voice quivering.

And with that quivering voice as it had been, with that trembling voice as it was, he exclaimed.

Vincent: [Why, why did you leave me behind, Natsuki Subaru!]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [You have no bond to this Empire, nor any obligations. You could have been content with protecting the many you have come to know till this day, and nothing more. For what reason did you save me ? For what reason did you think to try and save me , a man who does not get along with you…!]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [Why… Hk.]

Due to his extreme emotions, his hoarse voice conveyed just how monumental was Abel’s desire to pose that inquiry of “Why”.

With more and more strength he grasped the blade of the knife, digging even deeper into his hand; more and more intense grew the flow of blood, so painful to gaze at that Subaru instantaneously attempted to release Abel’s grip on the knife and staunch the hemorrhage.

However――,

Vincent: [Do not touch me !]

Subaru: [Agh!]

His hand was violently swatted away, and instantaneously becoming aware of pain in the hand he had outstretched, Subaru produced a grimace.

Upon taking a look, Subaru saw that the knife within the hand of that strikingly-different Abel had slashed his own hand, and drop-by-drop blood was trickling from it as well.

In the space between the two confronting one another, the sheets became increasingly sullied by their blood, blood that went on dripping away without efforts to stop it.

And thus, in that manner, paying no heed to the blood flowing out of them, to the soiled sheets and floor,

Vincent: […Just now, when you reached out your hand to lend help, you did it again. That is what is most baffling, and what is most incompatible with me , in your way of being.]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [Every so often you leave it all to the emotions you feel at the moment, punting to the wayside all beliefs and ideas you have felt until then. You do not follow what you have decided upon, easily reversing whatever course you have concluded that you ought to be taking. You are unable to categorize what ought be saved or not, reaching out your hand indiscriminately.]

Subaru: [――Ah.]

His blood oozing out, faced with the glaring Abel’s insight and words, Subaru gulped down a breath.

Even the pain of the bleeding wound grew distant, with Subaru’s thoughts freezing over. Because what Abel had stated just now, held the exact same meaning as what had tormented Subaru on a recent occasion.

Todd: [――But you were willing to choose whether to save Katya or not, right?]

Subaru: [――――]

Before he had regained consciousness, before he had even lost it, those had been the words hurled towards him.

That he and Natsuki Subaru were incompatible in every sense possible, that Natsuki Subaru was a monster that he could never understand, such was the blade of words that Todd Fang had trained upon him, decisively forcing their separation against Subaru’s will.

He too, though not drawing that conclusion about Subaru owing to Return by Death or owing to a status as a Stargazer, had seen through Subaru’s peculiarities, and defined him as such; perhaps it was through his power of observation, honed through his life as a werewolf.

Todd: [You’re too damn inconsistent! Your eyes say that you’re willing to die at any moment, you’re willing to put other people’s lives on a scale selfishly, but when it comes to this, you’re desperate to resist. It’s creepy!]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Todd’s chilly gaze, his voice devoid of heat, overlapped with those of Abel before him.

Abel’s gaze, Abel’s voice possessed the fervor of rage; nonetheless, the two still overlapped. The reason for that, undoubtedly, was that both were attempting to part with Subaru.

A preface for ousting Natsuki Subaru, rejecting he whose way of being was incompatible with theirs, from their world.

Todd: [Lack of self-awareness is a bad trait. You’re choosing between lives. Who to save, who to let die, you’re deciding as you please. You show favor towards those who butter you up, but don’t care about those who don’t. Me, I wouldn’t hesitate to butter anyone up, but…]

Todd: [How could I go along with someone who decides who lives or dies based on his own fickle whims?]

Thus, what had driven Todd to commit the heinous acts he had committed, as per his words, had been Subaru’s way of thinking and behavior.

Of course, Subaru had not just accepted it without questioning, and did not consider himself to be at fault. It was what he had always done and thought to be correct, in his own Subaru way. But were he to so easily change his ways, Subaru would be unable to show his face to the companions who had followed him, who had placed their faith in him till this day.

At the same time, however, there was a truth he could not repudiate completely.

――Subaru was choosing who to let live and who to let die, as he had indeed stated.

Through the Authority of Return by Death, Subaru had transfigured the fates of those precious to him.

Those who had no choice but to lose their lives, those who had no choice but to hurt him, those who had no choice but to struggle for what was dear to them, those who had no choice but to deprive themselves of the opportunity to reach a mutual understanding. He had distorted their fates, and kept them alive.

Through the decisions and actions Subaru had taken, assuredly, the number of people around Subaru who had been robbed of their lives or become sorrowful had diminished.

However, Natsuki Subaru had not been capable of saving every single person, either.

Whether he went without saving them, or without being able to save them, though those differed on whether he did it proactively or reactively, his decision had been thus. And so, without him turning back the clock, the onward march of reality imposed itself as immovable.

It was not as though he had destroyed all of his “enemies”.

But, it was not that he had saved all of his “enemies”, either. Just how had Subaru come to decide which to save, and which not to save?

That that was possibly due to Subaru’s personal likes and dislikes, was Todd’s fear.

Vincent: [No, that is not so, Natsuki Subaru. It is not even up to your like or dislike towards others.]

Subaru: […Huh?]

Shaking his head, Abel’s words restrained Subaru, the latter having been made aware of the unbridgeable gap between himself and Todd once more.

With Subaru holding his breath and raising his face, Abel so relayed.

Vincent: [Were you to determine who to save and who not to save based on your subjective preferences of people’s characters, that I would be able to understand. But, you save even those you loathe. Such as me .]

Subaru: [It’s not…]

Like that , so he wished to assert, yet Subaru’s words did not continue.

Whether Subaru hated Abel enough to abandon him at the eleventh hour was something he would only understand were he to do some deep introspection, but it was true that he had reached out his hand to someone he loathed.

He had been unable to reach. In spite of that, Subaru had attempted to reach out to Todd as well.

Finishing things without letting go. Their conflict notwithstanding, Louis had remained alongside Subaru till this day.

Having been told that he reached out to those who he loathed, that was exactly what he had been doing.

Vincent: [――Take your people from the Kingdom, and leave Vollachia.]

As Subaru reflected upon his prior deeds, aghast, those unforeseen words struck him.

Slowly raising his eyes, he came to lay them upon Abel, who had returned the knife his hand had been holding to the basket of fruits, that wrathful hue erased from his countenance, weaving words in tandem with what had been his facial expression until then.

He, towards a Subaru astonished at the change in demeanor and at the content of the words thrown at him, resumed.

Vincent: [From this point onwards, the Empire shall be plunged into battle against the Great Disaster. The board is different from the one I was attempting to arrange, but alas, a way through remains. Therein you are not required.]

Subaru: [Wha…]

Vincent: [I have heard enough nonsense. Whatever your intentions may be, what you have already done must be considered definite. Questioning the merits of your reasoning for that, would be an act akin to futility of the utmost extremes.]

Those were not so much words directed towards Subaru, as they were words directed towards his own self.

The exchange in which he had gotten emotional with Subaru, and the exchange in which he had bared all his emotions; Abel was about to unilaterally terminate the exchange that encompassed the entirety of both that had taken place here.

It had not been a behavior too uncharacteristic for him.

A topic mentioned both when things had gotten emotional, and when the emotions had died, the name “Chisha” was one Subaru had gotten an idea about.

Judging from how he had voiced it all, Chisha had apparently lost his life amidst the siege of the Imperial Capital; why Subaru had not saved him, to ask such a thing must have been Abel’s true intentions.

Attempting to cover up those intentions, Abel would try to pretend that such things had never, ever truly happened.

Vincent: [Make preparations to return to your country. All necessary arrangements will be made for you to cross the border. Everything after that will be the Empire’s problem―― mine problem.]

Thus, changing his way of referring to himself, and restraining all of his conduct as Abel, were signs of the resolution he had arrived at, to move forth as Emperor Vincent Vollachia.

And just how meaningful, just how heavy were the things he had been entrusted with, and if those had been the reasons for his decision, were all things Subaru could not possibly understand.

Natsuki Subaru could not understand Vincent Vollachia.

Likewise, Vincent Vollachia could not understand Natsuki Subaru.

And with that, this fruitless period was coming to an end, with naught more than both shedding the others’ blood――.

Todd: [You’re a monster. Much more so than that zombie .]

That understanding one another was impossible, that the gap could not be bridged, that a separation was unavoidable; both had reached such a conclusion on their own, both had arbitrarily decided such things on their own, and both had ended things like that all on their own.

Don’t you regret that it had to end the way it did, you goddamn idiots.

Subaru: [Hey, Abel.]

Turning his back, his conduct indicating that the conversation had drawn to a close, the Emperor advanced towards the door. The slender back making its departure was called out to, and the Emperor, taking a calm, short breath, halted his steps.

And as he was, the Emperor, with eyes devoid of heat, turned his countenance over his shoulder, and,

Vincent: [Do understand. I am Vincent Vollachia, any man that goes by Abel is――]

Subaru: [――Shut the hell up. Let’s see you grit those teeth!]

Making use of the bouncy springs of the bed and blasting off, Subaru at last charged towards that face.

At that profile, the profile of one deciding to end things all on his own, the pompous profile of one who had the nerve to selfishly tell him to hurry up and leave, that odious profile of one intending to take absolutely everything and anything upon himself; either way, already unable to stop himself from getting incredibly angry, irritated, and pissed off, Subaru drove his small, blood-soaked fist into that profile. Something he had been wanting to do for a long, long time.

Translation notes:

[1] Now as the Emperor, Vincent retakes his use of “余” as a pronoun, as seen in Arc 7 Chapter 107. However here, his mask as an Emperor crumbles, and returns to using “俺” as a pronoun, much like he did before ascending to the seat of Emperor, and after getting ousted, which is noted here with italics (further uses will also be noted in the same fashion).

--- Chapter 12: Natsuki Subaru and Vincent Abellux ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

The moment he threw that punch, it was the moment he felt the most frustrated about having become smaller.

Even more so than the tragedy of the Gladiator Island, in which he had been able to unite everyone in order to prevent something; even more so than the Sparka used to win Gustav over to his side; even more so than his dialogue with Cecilus under the moon; at this very moment, that he could have punched him a just a little bit harder were he to have a larger body, made him frustrated.

Vincent: [You…!]

Taking the blow from the young Subaru’s fist on his left cheek, the Emperor, his face soiled with blood, widened his eyes.

His gaze was directed at his own feet, observing Subaru after the latter had failed to land, tumbling down onto the floor. However, though his face held shock, it was bereft of indignation. More so than the humiliation he felt, his astonishment had been stronger.

The Emperor, having been given more shock than pain from Subaru’s fist, while pressing his hand against where it had struck,

Vincent: [Do you not hold your life dear!? If I were to raise mine hand, the Flame of the Yang Sword would scorch your very being…]

Subaru: [Yup, it’s not dear to me! Compared to letting you go without giving you a wallop right here and now, something like burning to death isn’t scary or anything at all!]

Vincent: [Wha…]

Receiving a scowl from the Emperor, Subaru jumped up before his eyes, and riposted, firmly.

Just then, fatigue yet remaining in his body, he lost his balance and fell backwards, slamming against the door, but that was just right. Leaning against the door like that, Subaru spread his arms, thus obstructing the Emperor from proceeding.

That he did not hold his life dear to him, such a thing was a downright lie.

But, in this tit-for-tat, he did not want to show even a hint of weakness.

This Emperor was spouting everything he had to say without holding back, so whether it be with fists or words, Subaru would not be satisfied unless he fired back.

Subaru: [It’s just as you guys say. I think, I can’t be understood. After all, even I myself don’t really understand what my criteria is for taking action.]

Vincent: […“You guys”, you say?]

Biting his lip, the Emperor frowned as Subaru glared at him.

Lowering his hand from his cheek, his face defiled with blood trickling from Subaru’s hand, the Emperor was at a loss from the fact that Subaru’s statement had been aimed at multiple targets, possibly being directed at someone aside from himself.

Though, no matter how much he pondered it over, there was no way he could understand. The man before Subaru’s eyes was the Emperor, the other man nothing more than a foot soldier without an officer rank.

And yet, the wounds that both had given Subaru, the scars they had both pointed out, were one and the same.

Subaru: [I want to prioritize the people I like, the people I hold dear, and protect them. Those are my honest feelings. But, even if it’s someone I hate or someone I don’t know, and they’re put into danger right in front of me, then I…]

Todd had said, that Subaru would choose who to save based on his subjective likes and dislikes.

Abel had said, that Subaru would recklessly choose who to save regardless of likes or dislikes.

Both of those were correct, and since both were correct, they were mistaken.

After all――,

Subaru: [But… is that really such a bad thing…?]

Vincent: [What?]

Subaru: [Is that so bad? Without the resolve to try and carry the whole world on my back, and without any grand significance, is it really so bad if I save those who are right in front of me on impulse!?]

As Subaru rose his voice, violently stomping his feet, and the Emperor widened his sable eyes.

Though still amidst a rapid sequence of expression and demeanors uncharacteristic of him, Subaru yet pressed him for an answer.

Subaru: [It’s just as you said! I consider the things within my own range of vision, I reach as far out as I can, that’s what I’ve been doing until today. What’s so bad about that!?]

Vincent: [You dare now object!? What is so bad, you say? Is it not obvious!? For what reason do you focus not on the greater picture, and instead act upon your selfish emotions? The Authority bestowed upon you, for what reason do you not put it to good use!?]

Subaru: [I use absolutely everything! I’m standing here because I put it to good use! Don’t get emotional, huh!? Stop talking like an idiot! The way I choose to use my own emotions, is up to me!]

Vincent: [Then at least act in accordance with those emotions! If you are to decide between somebody’s life or death based on your likes and dislikes, do not deviate from that method in any sort of way. Your way of being, is riddled with distortions.]

Subaru: [If that’s your conclusion from me leading a righteous life, I’m all for having a warped personality!]

As the Emperor still continued to rebuke Subaru’s attitude, the latter delivered a powerful kick as he replied. Kicking the Emperor’s shin over and over again, his anger, too much to be contained, erupted in full.

As Subaru unleashed kicks charged with his foul temper, the Emperor contorted his cheeks, and,

Vincent: [We shall speak no further.]

With that, he attempted to terminate the conversation one-sidedly. Once more, he did it one-sidedly.

Trying to leave behind the divide between their sense of values in that manner, the Emperor seized Subaru’s shoulders. The Emperor tried to move him out of the way, and with the physical strength of a child, he could not go against an adult.

That was why, Subaru bit down on that hand with all of his might.

Vincent: [――Hk, you!]

Subaru: [ Schtop beain sho selfesh !]

Biting down without restraint, he engraved the Emperor’s right hand with a bite wound. His right hand, bleeding as he forcibly shook it free, together with the one bearing a wound from the knife, both of the Emperor’s hands were shedding blood.

Causing the great and noble apex of the Empire to shed blood, Subaru would be unable to avoid the death penalty.

Subaru: [That’ll only happen if the country still exists, you stupid idiot!]

Vincent: [What are you… Guh!!]

The moment he had been shaken off, Subaru’s small body grabbed the Emperor from the front, pressed his head against the latter’s abdomen, and clipped his knees. A fighting style he had learned from Weitz, who had devised it himself.

Proceeding to apply Weitz’s teachings even further, he took a mounted position, and attained dominance through street rules.

With the Emperor having fallen onto his back, sitting upon his chest as to weigh him down, Subaru grabbed him by the collar and slammed him into the floor. Were the back of one’s head to be struck over and over again, no matter who it was, they would be knocked-out instantly.

However――,

Vincent: [Do not get carried away!]

The first time, shock; the second time, confusion; the third time, although he had been successful in bringing the back of his head to the ground, he was stopped by a simple difference in strength. Furthermore, he was thrown off the Emperor’s body, having been grabbed by his hair.

Screaming out with a “Gyaaaargh!” as he tumbled to the floor, Subaru saw the Emperor stand back up in his peripheral vision, and once again, the latter attempted to head for the door.

Subaru: [Like I’d let you!]

Jumping onto the Emperor’s knees from behind, by means of sheer force he halted the body moving towards the door. Due to Subaru’s excessive momentum however, the Emperor was knocked over forwards.

The result――,

Vincent: [Buh.]

Then, with a dull thud, the Emperor crashed face-first into the cabin’s door.

Vincent: [――――]

A firm sound echoed, the sound of him placing his hands against the door his face had been pressed against, and thus the Emperor rose to his feet once more, after having fallen face-first onto it. Then, turning around, the Emperor seized Subaru by the collar with both his hands, hoisting him up.

The two’s bodies spinning around to switch places, Subaru’s back was slammed against the door, pressed against it with force, as he leaked out “Uah”s of pain.

Before his eyes, the nose and forehead of the Emperor were reddened; from point-blank range he glared at Subaru, the latter’s legs suspended.

Vincent: [You, what do you want? What is your objective? What is it that you desire!?]

Subaru: [I want to hit you! My objective is to hit you! My desire is to hit you!]

Vincent: [You…!]

Subaru: [What about you, what do you want? What is your objective? Just what the hell is it that you desire!?]

Vincent: [――――]

Caught by his collar, clawing at the Emperor’s hands, Subaru’s spittle flew as he shouted in reply.

Then twisting his head, he opened his mouth in an attempt to bite the Emperor’s hand one more time, but no matter how hard he tried, he was unable to reach it. At the very least, drool amassed in the Emperor’s hand as he spat.

In that way, while having his hand sullied by Subaru’s saliva, the Emperor’s cheek stiffened for a reason separate to that disgrace; he muttered.

Vincent: [My, desire…?]

Subaru: [That’s right. There’s gotta be something you wanted to do apart from spouting grandiose and meaningless words at me. If not, you wouldn’t go out of your way to come to me at such a busy time.]

Vincent: [――――]

Subaru: [Aren’t you the one that doesn’t understand yourself the most? While you were talking just now, there was something you put the most energy into, something you put the most emotion into. That’s what’s most important for you.]

The topic of evacuating from the Imperial Capital, or the topic of suspecting Subaru being a Stargazer. The topic of dealing with Emilia and the others, who had hailed from the Kingdom, to the topic of the divide stemming from being unable to understand Subaru’s way of being.

Now that he thought of it, there had been no words expressing sympathy for Subaru after his recovery from having fallen unconscious; in the first place, this bastard had not said anything in regards to this being their first meeting after the Demon City either.

But putting all those numerous affairs aside, the one topic he was most passionate about was obvious.

Subaru: [――Chisha.]

Vincent: [ … Why, Natsuki Subaru.]

The heat that had boiled over just before during their grappling match, disappeared, however, in its place was a cold heat, a heat set alight by that question, now uttered once more.

If that which accompanied violence was a scarlet flame, then that question had come accompanied by a flame of azure hue.

That azure glow blazing in his eyes, it scorched Subaru as he stood before the Emperor, while the latter posed his question.

Vincent: [I was the one who trained him. If it were him, he would have been able to do the same work as me without even the slightest deviation. It could even be said that he was superior in regards to military power, depending on the circumstances.]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [There was no difference between mine and that damned Chisha’s ability. Whichever of us remained would take over the fight to oppose the Great Disaster, seeing it through to completion. ――Why.]

Staring directly into Subaru’s black eyes, the Emperor’s―― No, Abel’s black eyes wavered.

The mask of Emperor, which he had likely worn alongside a resolve to never again remove it, was ripped off of him not long after he had steeled himself like so. And thus, Subaru gazed upon Abel’s face.

And finally, not as the Emperor of this country, but as a single person who had been bereaved of someone dear, Abel could not help but question Subaru.

Vincent: [Why, did you let me live despite your loathing, and let Chisha die, Natsuki Subaru.]

After gaining self-awareness of what he had wanted to ask Subaru himself, Abel hurled the same question towards Subaru as he had done before their scuffle had broken out.

The sorrow, the fragility contained within that voice, were incomparable to what they had been just before.

The Emperor known as Vincent Vollachia, utilized absolutely everything in his possession for the sake of the Empire.

Ruling over the great country that possessed the vastest lands among those known in this world as the Four Great Countries, Vincent Vollachia reigned as Emperor, an omnipresent and all-seeing existence.

For that Emperor known as Vincent Vollachia to issue that question not for the sake of the Empire, but rather as a mere single person, was evidence that this singular question carried a weight rivaling that of the Empire itself.

Perceiving that in his skin, his blood, his brain, his very soul, Subaru’s heart trembled.

At the same time, in contrast to Abel’s swell of emotion, Subaru’s emotions were tranquil.

Subaru: [――――]

Just why was it that the person known as Chisha had to die?

Unbeknownst to Subaru, Abel and Chisha had each been placed on different plates of a scale, and one of those two sides had fallen into a situation beyond saving.

Thus, Abel had intended to share in the fate of the scale as his own side tipped into perdition.

That envisioning had been painted over. ――Most likely, by the deceased Chisha himself.

――Abel had likely prepared for his own death since long ago.

If one was born, someday, their life would assuredly reach its end. All were aware of such a fact. But it was just as if Abel’s situation was completely different to the reality everybody unconsciously ignored.

Resolve towards destined death, that was no different from Subaru confronting the trigger of his Return by Death.

Always, Abel had been squaring off against his own forthcoming death.

With the same resolve as Subaru, who fought to the bitter end while believing that the arrival of Death was something that could be changed, that it was something that must be changed no matter what, Abel had continued to fight.

If Subaru were to go without dying, Emilia, Rem, and Beatrice would end up dying.

Otto and everyone else, Tanza and everyone else, all of the Shudraq, Flop and Medium, a great number of people would end up dying. In exchange for his own life, he attempted to allow everyone to survive.

If he had come to expend the entirety of his resolve for that purpose, then it must have been the same for Abel.

Vincent: [ I completed all preparations with that end in sight. But even so――]

Emilia, Rem, and Beatrice, they had all taken Subaru’s place, permitting his survival.

In order to let Subaru live, Otto and everyone else, Tanza and everyone else, all of the Shudraq, Flop and Medium, a great number of other people, had become sacrifices so he could survive.

Even if nobody else was capable of understanding that despair, Natsuki Subaru was the single person who had to keep it in mind.

Nullifying that possibility, painting over that reality by means of his Authority, Natsuki Subaru was the single person who would not deny the despair that Abel was going through without paying any heed.

Understanding, gulping down, there was something he must say in addition.

Subaru: [――I’m not a Stargazer, Abel.]

Vincent: [――――]

The words he spoke, they probably seemed like a betrayal to Abel, this late in the game.

This late in the game, Subaru had not returned the reply of Abel’s desire, instead keeping it to himself. But, however much Abel suspected Subaru, reality would not budge.

Perhaps Subaru was able to do the same things a Stargazer could.

Perhaps Subaru possessed means with which to intervene with fate to an extent greater than a Stargazer’s own means.

Even so, he was not omnipotent. He could never be omnipotent.

It would be nice if he were omnipotent, he could never be sufficient as to aspire to be omnipotent.

Subaru: [That’s why, I couldn’t save this Chisha person you talked about. I wouldn’t know how to save him, either. But, I’ll just say this one thing…]

Vincent: [ … What is it.]

Subaru: [ … Supposing I really did have a power like the one you speak of, even then, I’d choose to save you, who I hate, rather than someone I don’t know. Without reasons like seeing ahead to what lies in the future, that’s what I would do. That’s what I will do.]

Truly, even he himself thought his nature was a helpless one.

But, that was the result that Natsuki Subaru, by consulting with the abilities he possessed, within what he understood to be the realms of what were his own capabilities, had reached.

Vincent: [――――]

Slowly, strength left Abel’s hold on his collar, and Subaru’s body was released.

While his back rubbed against the door, Subaru’s body slid down. Even now, Abel’s hands were holding on to Subaru’s collar, but those fingers, white from the strength that had been put into them, now lost their pale coloration alongside said strength.

If he truly wished to remove those hands, he could have done it easily; however, Subaru did not do so.

With them still seizing his collar, Subaru merely called his name out with “Abel”――.

Vincent: [If you claim to not be a Stargazer…]

Such was the frail sound produced by Abel’s lips.

But, Abel himself had not been satisfied with the sound he had uttered, and continued no further. Abel’s black eyes began to wander, in search of the words he truly desired.

He would put his emotions into words.

Perhaps the Emperor of the Empire, who had not once done such a thing till this day, who had not once done something that even a toddler was capable of, would now do so.

Vincent: [You… would try and save me no matter what…]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [In a situation where the survival of the Empire is at stake, you occupy me with trifles of such insignificance…]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [I… I ! Even since I laid eyes upon your way of being…]

Subaru: [――――]

Each time, his words would get stuck halfway through.

No matter the words, no matter the emotions, they were not enough to express what Abel felt in his heart of hearts. Repeatedly, Abel ceased speaking, revised his words, and corrected himself; yet Subaru did not rush him.

Vincent: [You… detest me , view me as an enemy…]

His intelligent self realizing that the response of his desires lay not beyond his faltering words, Abel started the words he ought to say anew, over and over again.

He, known as the wisest Emperor since the inception of the Vollachian Empire, a man whose wisdom was respected by everyone, did so.

And thus, after repetitions upon repetitions, he finally managed to do it.

Vincent: [ I …]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [ I … had resolved myself for my own death… I had not resolved myself… to lose someone dear.]

Having only forged his resolve to be the one leaving the rest behind, his resolve for being left behind had not been cultivated.

Perhaps he had even gone as far as to think about what words he would leave behind in his final moments. There was even the possibility one would find notes here and there left for after his death, if they were to search.

All had been done for the sake of entrusting the matter to those who would continue forth, done with a resolve that had not even considered the possibility he would be on the side being entrusted.

Vincent: [Why.]

A quavering voice, questioned so.

While speaking in a quavering voice, Abel detached his hands from Subaru’s collar. Those hands, his own very blood-stained hands, he brought them to his face, and concealed his expression.

The Emperor, who would by no means even close both his eyes in front of others, covered his face with both his hands.

Vincent: [Why, did you leave me behind and die, Chisha…!?]

His face in his hands, his voice trembling, his black eyes potentially even tearing up, Vincent Vollachia fell to his knees.

Having lost a very, very important person, the man who had likely not had even the time to grieve, not needing to wear the mask of Emperor in front of a rude and disrespectful individual whom he hated, fell to his knees.

Witnessing just that, Subaru, taking a very long, and immensely deep breath――,

Subaru: [――I’m sorry.]

With that, as a fellow struggler fighting against an unreasonable fate, he faced the fellow struggler who had been wounded while earnestly continuing to fight, and imparted words that would never be able to serve as comfort.

△▼△▼△▼△

When swinging at Abel as he tried to leave, what came to Subaru’s mind was the memory of the time Otto had once punched him in a similar manner.

Subaru: [You’re incredible, man. I could never be as smart as you… I’ll never say that to his face, though.]

Since he would feel embarrassed and annoyed, he really did not wish to state so directly to that very person.

The most he was willing to consider was that one day, once Otto was dying of old age, he would sit at the side of the bed and say, “To be honest, I thought you were incredible”. If he were to really go through with it, he had faith that Otto, even in his dying moments, would retort with “Then why have you been keeping silent about it until now!?”.

Anyhow――,

Subaru: [――――]

With a thud, Abel leaned his back against the wall of the cabin as he sat on the ground, observing the dim interior of the cabin as he hugged one of his knees.

Subaru, too, absentmindedly savored the silence while sitting next to him with legs crossed.

From the outset, Subaru’s true feelings were undoubtedly feelings of gratitude towards Otto, alongside a wish to mess with him a bit.

Some time ago, at a time Subaru had been on the verge of buckling under the weight of attempting to carry anything and everything by his lonesome, Otto had given a wallop to Subaru’s cheek, had lambasted him with words he needed to hear.

That he was keeping up useless airs in front of his friends, so he was told. ――That experience had given Subaru the courage to spring off the bed.

But then again――,

Subaru: [Not like you and I are friends or anything.]

Vincent: [――. Of course. Speak not of such repulsive things. Being a friend of yours… No, I simply have no need for the likes of friends. Nor shall I ever want them.]

Subaru: [So your reasoning isn’t that you can’t make friends, but that you won’t make them? I also did that when I pretended to be a proud lone wolf, but it’s completely obvious to the people around you.]

Vincent: [Your disrespect knows no bounds, now does it?]

Seated close to each other yet without looking towards the other, Subaru and Abel exchanged words.

No longer were the heated emotions from their grappling scuffle present, but on the other hand, they were not vanished to the point that they would abort their conversation midway, nor were they able to feign civility.

Subaru’s face, clothes, and hands were stained with blood all over.

Of course, Abel’s face, hair, and clothes were also stained with blood all over.

Inside the cabin, the sheets were stained with blood, and the knife had fallen to the ground. Blots of scattered blood were present here and there, and evidence of damage and of blood having been shed was everywhere.

The amount of blood was not enough for this place to be dubbed a murder scene, but it sure was enough for it to look like a crime scene.

Subaru: [But, even if we thrash around, we could never destroy the whole cabin. That’s what our individual limit is, you and I.]

Even with Subaru and Abel having gone into a no-holds-barred rampage, the most they had been able to do was break the furnishings.

Were the ones to go on a rampage the truly dangerous people present in this world, the cabin would probably be destroyed in the blink of an eye, no traces of it being left behind. How much time would it take for Emilia, with that adorable face and those adorable hands of hers, to adorably dismantle this cabin.

Subaru: [Even if you and I throw down, it’s nothing so adorable, even.]

Vincent: [ … Just what in the world is your problem?]

Subaru: [What about you, what the hell’s your problem? I’ll tell you what, your story’s all over the goddamn place, I can’t even tell what you wanna talk about.]

Vincent: [――――]

Abel remained silent, and pondered.

The reason he had held his tongue was likely because he had been made aware of how scattered the topics were. It was the result of plugging his ears to the appeals of his true intentions, and only choosing the topics that felt good to his ears, and flowed nicely; since he had been on edge, there had not been a single topic that was sincere.

That was the essence of Abel’s speech till just before, and he had also now become aware of that lapse of his.

Thence, how he would recover from that, Subaru waited to see――,

Vincent: [Natsuki Subaru, is it the truth that you are not a Stargazer?]

Subaru: [ … It’s true. I’m not a Stargazer or anything like that. Stuff like premonitions of the future, that fits the Witch Cult more than it fits me. I don’t really get along with those guys.]

Vincent: [ I did happen to hear that you have felled two Sin Archbishops, in Lugunica.]

Subaru: [It’s not public, but it’s actually been three. Gluttony’s been as well… Nah, it’s kinda difficult to say whether Gluttony’s been defeated or not, so forget about that. Louis’s situation is also… AH!]

Vincent: [What is it?]

Subaru: [You didn’t do anything to Louis, right? After all, I still haven’t forgiven you for that time you said Louis was to be killed.]

In the Demon City of Chaosflame, Abel’s firm stance towards Louis had been what had triggered Subaru’s separation from Abel and the rest, going on to act independently.

When her identity as a Sin Archbishop came to light, Abel had declared that she would not be tolerated.

With that as the reason, Subaru had moved separately from Abel and the rest of their group; the pair of him and Louis isolated and without assistance then headed towards Yorna’s Castle――,

Subaru: [Though stuff’s happened until now, I still won’t forgive you.]

Vincent: [Speak not of foolish things. Though, was it not you who thoroughly hated that girl?]

Subaru: [Before is before, now is now. To begin with, if you’ve kept your impression of me from our first meeting, you’d doubt my sanity considering the members I get along with.]

Vincent: [Your sanity is something I have doubted since the Shudraqian village. ――Your concern is unnecessary.]

Subaru: [Hah?]

Vincent: [No harm has been inflicted upon that girl. After all, what I had been trying to say back then was not that we ought to execute someone whose apparent identity was that of a Sin Archbishop right there and then.]

Subaru: [Wha…!?]

Vincent: [You jumped to a hasty conclusion. Diligently reflect upon this.]

Having been told that his worries were needless, Subaru was at a loss for words. But, even supposing that were true, Abel’s coldhearted and indifferent attitude had been part of the reason for Subaru making a conclusion so hastily.

Adding up Abel’s attitude up until then had led to his distrust back then.

Subaru: [That… was an issue of your attitude…]

Vincent: [It was necessary. It was just in case, so you would not wish for my survival.]

Subaru: [――――]

Vincent: [All grounded on the conjecture that you were a Stargazer, that included. You, who continues to produce results unprecedented within the Kingdom, have performed deeds no ordinary person would be able to.]

Subaru: [That’s…]

Vincent: [Although, there was no need for me to go out of my way to worsen your impression of me . Even if I did not act as such, you are the type of person who would detest me the most. Abhorrence and disdain, they both overflow from your heart.]

Subaru: [YOU! DAMN! BASTARD…!]

Whether it was a lie, the truth, good, or bad, Abel’s words caused veins to bulge in Subaru’s forehead.

But, as Subaru explored his relationship with Abel while treading on thin ice, Abel had come into contact with Subaru with a mental state akin to treading a tightrope.

With Subaru on ice, and Abel walking a tightrope, no interaction of the sort could ever proceed smoothly.

After all, each of them went without looking at anything but their own feet; they did not even regard the other’s face.

Subaru: [ … I, don’t know anything about that Chisha guy. He kicked you out from the throne, and turned himself into you pretending to be Emperor. I only happened upon him in Chaosflame, when he was posing as Emperor.]

Vincent: [――――]

Subaru: [I don’t get what that person was thinking, or what he had been scheming in driving you away from the Palace. But, you got frustrated in such a way because that person died, and if he really did die when you were supposed to, I do get that. Therefore…]

Falteringly, Subaru spoke of what he thought as he thought it.

Since they had an unspoken agreement to not face each other, Subaru could not see Abel’s expression as he spoke those words. A tad frightening, that was.

That person was someone who Abel lamented losing to an extent such that he could not preserve the equilibrium of his heart.

For Subaru, speaking about that person while knowing nothing about them, his remarks could perhaps trample upon Abel’s heart far too much.

But, he thought.

Though it had not been for a very long time, having been embroiled in a situation that concerned the survival of the nation, having been completely manipulated by this man who gave his name as Abel, Subaru, thought.

Subaru: [That Chisha person, he sure was incredible.]

Though perhaps inappropriate, as he lifted his face, he produced a spirited voice.

It had been no forceful attempt to brighten things, it had been praise, praise overflowing from Subaru’s heart.

In reality, just how many of them were there? People who could betray the predictions of the man renowned as the wisest Emperor since the inception of this Vollachian Empire, who molded just about every last thing merely within his own mind, who valued things proceeding as per his expectations; just how many people could go against that, and fulfill their own goals in such spectacular fashion?

Just that was more than enough to earn Subaru’s praise.

Moreover, he had performed to the extent that Abel, having been left behind, was left hesitant and disheartened. He did not know if that was in accordance to the expectations held.

Subaru: [You said there wouldn’t be a big difference whether you or that person was left behind. If that’s true, then there’s only one reason why that person made this situation.]

Vincent: [ … You.]

Subaru spoke as he thought, and without facing him, Abel let out a muted voice.

He was not so sure if anger had been present in that timbre or not, especially because he went without verbally assaulting Subaru in the way the latter had grown familiar with,

Vincent: [You, are you saying that you understand? The reason why Chisha plotted against me ?]

Indeed, it was rather something to urge Subaru to voice the conclusion he had reached.

Vincent: [――――]

Abel desired an answer.

An answer that even his own, that even Abel’s own clever brain could not come up with. For something like that to come out of the mouth of Subaru, who did not even know the person known as Chisha, even if Abel had no expectations, he had begun to have expectations.

He could not help but think of those expectations as added pressure, but,

Subaru: [Well, no matter what you’ll think of me, we’re already this far in…]

Once he had stood up in defiance, there remained no reason to hesitate in speaking exactly what he thought.

The reason as to why Chisha had left not himself, but Abel, behind, that Subaru had thought of.

That was――,

Subaru: [With fate trying to kill you, you resigned yourself to the opponent that was fate. That’s gotta have irritated him.]

Vincent: [――Hah?]

Subaru: [There’s also a pattern of like, wanting someone to live even at the expense of your own life. But, I don’t think that’s the case here. After all, the way you live wouldn’t have anyone do anything of the sort for you.]

He could understand the feeling that one might want another person to live even if it meant they themselves would die.

But, in order to harbor a feeling of the sort, they must greatly think of the other person as dear, and they need a reason to be made to think that way.

Prepared for his own destined death, desperate to pave the path for the sake of those who would continue after him, it was implausible that Abel would have anyone think of him in such a way.

Therefore, Subaru’s answer was that.

Subaru: [Chisha got irritated because of you. After all, he even proved it.]

Vincent: [Proved it, you say? Proved what? …Proved that I was plotted against, and that I was a fool?]

Subaru: [Flop-san and Mizelda-san have probably also realized that you’re a moron with a good head on him. What I mean is… the reach of the thing known as fate.]

Vincent: [Fate…]

As though vocalizing that word for the first time, Abel’s tongue became acquainted with that unfamiliar concept, muttering so.

In reality, for Abel, who confronted everything head-on, who resisted endlessly armed with his own predictions, all impediments could be put into words. Likely, he had not realized his opponent was something so absurd, so formless as “fate”.

But, beyond all doubts, the enemy to which Abel had unconsciously accepted defeat was fate.

At the same time, Chisha had proved that very thing by using his own life, and letting Abel live.

Subaru: [Fate can be fought. ――There’s no reason to give up, not even a single one.]

Vincent: [――――]

Faintly catching his breath, Abel kept silent as if the words he had been told had struck his very heart.

Had he not believed his enemy to be “fate”, likely, he would not have thought to fight it, or to even resist it. It would not have been something he had even considered.

However, supposing he were to know just what exactly that “enemy” was, what could possibly ensue?

If he, the wisest Emperor since the inception of the Vollachian Empire, were to know the true identity of his “enemy”, just what would he do?

Subaru: [――Abel, I’m not a Stargazer.]

Vincent: [――――]

Subaru: [But――]

Adjacent to Abel, who remained silent, Subaru spoke as he placed his hands on the knees of his crossed legs.

Upon being accused, he denied it, only to be accused again. Upon denying it, he was accused, only to deny it again.

Although explaining or affirming the matter of his own Authority, the matter of Return by Death, was something he was not able to do, Subaru had also resolved his heart on something, during this dialogue.

That something was that which would have been his likely answer to Todd Fang, who had cornered him with words completely, leaving him unable to riposte in clear terms before their parting.

Subaru: [I’ll save as many people as I possibly can, as long as they’re within range of my hand. Even so, if there truly are still lives I’m not able to save, that’s…]

Vincent: [ … A defeat served to you by fate, would it not be so?]

Subaru: [――. I can’t get a complete victory. After all, it’s not just me who’s fighting fate.]

He had not been able to save everything.

Thus, Subaru was unable to declare that he was going to save everything, even from here onwards.

While roaring for that inevitable fate to bring it on, while vowing to continue fighting against fate, yet still being faced with the loss of lives, Natsuki Subaru would mourn and lament, only to then continue to declare such things.

And in that manner, for the sake of diminishing the chances for him to lament, for the sake of diminishing the chances for him to shed tears――.

Subaru: [Lend me your strength, Abel. If you do that, I’ll also lend you mine.]

Vincent: [――――]

Subaru: [From this point onwards, I’ll cooperate in full…! That said, I won’t say selfish things without consulting with Emilia and the others, but that’s just how passionate I am. That’s why…]

Saying that, Subaru firmly clapped his knees, and stood up.

Then, without looking at Abel’s face, he slowly advanced to the middle of the cabin, to the side of the bed. With a sidelong glance at the disheveled and bloodstained sheets, Subaru reached his hand into the basket of fruits.

Inside, was the appa which Abel had abandoned after splitting it in half. The cross-section of its white insides were turning to a light-brown coloration due to being exposed to the air, but not concerning himself with that, Subaru picked the halves up.

Then――,

Subaru: [Help me finish eating the appa you cut in half.]

Tossing a half of the appa over to Abel, he sunk his teeth into the half he held onto.

With a pleasant sound, the sweet juice of the fruit slowly filled his mouth, and Subaru looked into the face of Abel, still plopped down on the floor.

Having caught the appa thrown at him, Abel brought his eyes down towards it, and after a moment of hesitation, he bit into it.

With a similarly pleasant sound, the sweet and sour flavor ought to have filled his mouth as well.

Whether he liked it or disliked it, hated it or loved it, was completely unrelated to that flavor.

As fellow living beings, there would be no difference in the flavor of the appa that they shared.

Vincent: [Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: [What’s up?]

Vincent: [ I am not fond of you.]

Subaru: [Ngh.]

Vincent: [――But, I require your strength.]

Declaring so, Abel slowly stood up. With the half-eaten appa in his hand, Abel trained his sable eyes upon Subaru.

Once again he hid all the hues of uncharacteristic emotions that he had displayed within the cabin behind his consciousness as the Emperor; however, while those yet revealed themselves ever-so-slightly via his eyes and voice,

Vincent: [Apologies for mine many acts of rudeness. O Knight of the Kingdom.]

With that, upon seeing the Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire bow his head, Subaru smiled.

Smiling, while biting into what remained of the appa,

Subaru: [I won’t apologize for my many acts of disrespect, Emperor of the Empire.]

And with that, the first step to rectify the discrepancies in their relationship, which had been mistaken ever since its very start, was taken.

--- Chapter 13: To Each Their Wounds ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――You also came, Rem.]

Rem looked up quietly, as a voice called out to her from her side.

At the connection of the coupled dragon carriage, calling out to Rem, who was leaning her back against the wall of the car, was a silver-haired girl who had opened the door of the next car―― Emilia.

She had a beautiful face with a soft look in her eyes; by her side was a girl holding her hand. It was Beatrice, who had rushed to Subaru during the chaos at the Imperial Capital.

It was a touching sight, but Rem’s feelings toward them were extremely complicated.

Of course, this was partly because these women were related to Rem’s lost Memories that she herself had no knowledge of, but that was not the only reason.

Unlike Ram, who she had instinctively known was her sister, and the other people who had called themselves her companions, these two people were special. ――They were special in that they were deeply connected to Subaru.

Both of them felt a particularly strong connection to him during the situation surrounding the Imperial Capital, during the retreat, and afterwards when they were visiting Subaru while he was unconscious.

Rem did not know why it bothered her so much――.

Rem: [Emilia-san, and Beatrice-chan…]

Beatrice: [Rem is also concerned about where the discussion is going, I suppose.]

Rem: [Concerned… Yes, right, concerned I might be.]

When asked by Beatrice, who had addressed her by name, Rem looked down slightly.

The reason Rem stood in the empty passageway was to watch over the cabin a short distance away―― the cabin assigned to Natsuki Subaru as his sleeping quarters.

Subaru and Abel were now confronting each other in a quiet cabin after the large crowd of visitors had left.

Abel’s face was grim, and when he was seen, he was often wearing an oni mask, so it was refreshing for Rem to see his true face.

However, as far as Rem knew, Abel always had a scowl on his face when unmasked. But today, his already grim face looked even more stiffened than before.

Emilia: [Rem, you’ve been around Subaru and Abel… Err, Emperor Vincent for a while, haven’t you? Are they good friends?]

Rem: [Emperor Vincent, I’m not used to calling him that. And I don’t get the impression that the two are very friendly with each other. I would say that even though they had agreed on some ideas, they didn’t get along…]

Emilia: [Ugh, that’s what I thought…]

Beatrice: [Well, that was predictable, in fact. Abel’s way of thinking and Subaru’s go like oil and water, I suppose. Betty prefers the sentimental way Subaru thinks, in fact.]

Emilia: [Jeez, Beatrice is so quick to spoil Subaru. You have to give Abel’s side of the story a proper listen… Umm, Emperor Vincent’s side of the story rather!]

Emilia’s shoulders slumped at Rem’s answer, but her lips pouted at Beatrice’s subsequent assertion.

In front of Rem, who thought her expression seemed to change from one moment to the next, Emilia added a surprised “Ah” and looked at her.

Emilia: [Oh, and, Rem, since we’re in Vollachia, you have to call me Emily…]

Rem: […Um, is there a point to that?]

Emilia: [Eh, of course there is. No one thinks I’m Emilia. Right, Beatrice?]

Beatrice: [Since Betty also spoils Emilia, to give no answer is a kindness, I suppose.]

Emilia: [Huh!? What does that mean!?]

Emilia’s eyes widened at Beatrice’s kind misdirection as she held her hand.

Rem felt that her feelings were at the mercy of the two as she saw their hard-to-dislike interactions, but she soon grew fond of Emilia and Beatrice.

In the first place, if what she had heard was true, they had risked a lot to come to this country to look for both Rem and Subaru. There was no way she could dislike them.

Rem: [Unlike him, there’s nothing suspicious about them.]

Subaru carried a stench that inspired fierce, instinctive alarm. While a large part of Rem’s hostility was due to that, there was no sign of it in Emilia and the others.

So, like with Louis, the People of Shudraq, Flop, and the others, there was no reason to bother snapping at them.

Although――,

Rem: […That person’s smell suddenly becoming fainter is also scary.]

She was concerned about Subaru, who had lost his strong stench while they had been separated.

Since she did not know what exactly it was, and since it was better that it did not exist rather than the opposite, she wanted to say that things had improved.

And, as she had been thinking that.

???: [Huuuh~? It’s Rem-chan, Emily-chan, and Beatrice-chan!]

The door of the carriage on the opposite side from where Rem and the others were standing was opened, and the other party who had appeared called out the names of the three in a loud voice.

Waving her hands vigorously, a tall woman strolled towards them―― her long golden hair was freely arranged, her skin was exposed like a dancer’s, and above all, she had fully grown arms and legs appropriate for her age.

She was――,

Emilia: [――Medium-san.]

Medium: [Yahoo! Perhaps, are you all worried about Abel-chin and Subaru-chin too?]

Emilia: [Yes, that’s right. Medium-chan was as well?]

Medium: [Yeah, yes! See, I finally have a big body again, don’t I? Now, unlike when I was little, I can stop adults from fighting, so I thought I could be useful.]

With her chest puffed out, Medium answered as such―― they had not seen her for long, but like Subaru, she was one of those whose appearance had changed from that of an adult to a child.

The childish Medium was also very endearing, retaining her lively personality, but her charm remained the same regardless of the length of her arms and legs, so the familiar figure calmed Rem down.

It seemed that Medium had also been very frustrated for having become smaller, and she seemed to be enjoying being back to her large body as much as she could.

In any case――,

Rem: [To stop a fight… that is, between that person and Abel-san?]

Medium: [That’s right~? It’s been a while since the two of them talked properly, aren’t they going to go wild?]

Rem: [I don’t know… Setting aside that person, I can’t imagine Abel-san going berserk.]

With a stern face and a harsh voice, she had the impression that Abel was one who would verbalize painful things.

However, unlike Rem, who had frowned at Medium’s concerns, Emilia and Beatrice’s opinions seemed to be closer to Medium’s side,

Beatrice: [Betty agrees with Medium, in fact. At the very least, Subaru has a lot to say to that Emperor, so he will probably snap at him, I suppose.]

Emilia: [That’s true. I, Emily, am a teensy bit worried too. A fight is not only about hitting each other, but also about hurting each other with words.]

Rem: […Is that how it is?]

Certainly, it would not be a scuffle, since there was no indication that Abel would raise his hand, but it was quite possible that Subaru could become emotional, and that the argument could intensify.

Because Abel was rational, Rem felt that he talked circles around Subaru comparatively more often, but Abel may not have much leeway now. She had not exchanged many words with Abel, who had regained his position as Emperor, but she could understand the concern of Medium and Beatrice.

And that speculation was immediately verified to be correct.

???: [――Okay? Anyways, let’s sneak over to Garfiel. If it’s him, he should be able to understand our unavoidable circumstances.]

???: [What, the scandal of how a Knight of the Kingdom raised his hand against the Emperor of the Empire?]

???: [Don’t forget, if that goes to trial, I’ll talk about everything you’ve been up to as a last resort…!]

And so on, the door of the cabin opened as they continued the hushed exchange.

The eyes of those in Rem’s group, who were waiting for the discussion to be concluded, met the black eyes of the two men as they peeked out to see whether there was anyone in the aisle.

Subaru opened his mouth with an “Ah”, while Abel frowned with a “Ugh”.

However, that was not the extent of the reactions of Rem’s group when they saw the state of the two of them. After all, both Subaru and Abel, who showed their faces, were covered in blood.

Rem: [Unbelievable…]

Medium: [You two were having a much bigger fight than I thought you would!?]

Emilia: [O-oh no! Beatrice! Quickly, heal him…!]

Beatrice: [It’s as you see, in fact! Betty should have been there, I suppose!!]

Subaru and Abel met their gazes at the group of women who had welcomed them with a flurried commotion. Then Abel sighed, and Subaru raised his hands in resignation.

After that,

Subaru: [Um, you’re definitely going to get mad, so before that happens I gotta tell you… We’ve made up.]

With a wry smile on his pitiable face, he said that as if he had at least some good news to tell.

△▼△▼△▼△

――In the end, their injuries were just a small cut on their hands, nothing impressive.

Medium: [But, the cabin’s a mess now and… We don’t have another cabin that we can prepare.]

Subaru: [No, I’m not going to tell you something as self-important as to prepare another cabin. I’ve seriously reflected on what I… Ah! Medium-san! You’re back to normal!]

Medium: [Hehe~, that’s right, Subaru-chin! Ah, no, that’s no good! I’m happy that you said that, but I’m also angry at you. The two of you are hopeless~.]

Saying that, Medium put her hands on her waist and scolded Subaru for his poor attempt to change the topic of the conversation.

Subaru’s shoulders slumped in remorse; however, instead of the depressed Subaru, it was Abel, whom Subaru had fought with, that received the brunt of Medium’s scolding.

Medium: [Abel-chin as well, while Subaru-chin is small, you can’t act immature, okay?]

Vincent: […You, do you understand what you just did? You raised a hand against the Emperor.]

Medium: [Because you’re so great and all that, and no one has ever scolded you, Abel-chin, you’ve grown up to be like this, haven’t you?]

Vincent: [――――]

Abel frowned and crossed his arms, meanwhile Medium was giving him a reproachful glare. As one could understand from the exchange that had just happened, surprisingly, Medium had slapped Abel over the head.

Looking at the disastrous state of the cabin, it was reasonable to want to scold Abel for fighting with the young-looking Subaru, but Rem was impressed by the absurd act.

Rem: [If it’s okay with Medium-san, may I also hit him?]

Vincent: [Do not join her. We do not have the leisure to look over each instance of disrespect one-by-one at this time. Do not do something that would make me have to take my time after the war to decide whether I should punish you by comparing it to your achievements.]

Rem: [That’s a shame.]

Of course, she had not expected to receive permission, but for Rem, it was fruitful to hear the words “after the war” come from Abel’s mouth.

At least, Abel was looking towards the future. Although she did not know what had been said during their conversation inside, compared to before he had visited this cabin, it felt like the light and color within his eyes had improved.

Emilia: [――Okay, this is good. But you need to change your clothes or else everyone will worry about you, you can go see everyone after you’re dressed properly, okay?]

Beatrice: [Truly, you’re so troublesome, in fact. You can’t allow Betty to have any peace of mind, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Sorry, sorry. But it’s been a while, it feels so fresh. For a while the only people who worried about me were, except for Tanza, all men.]

Having wiped off the blood on Subaru’s face and hands with the hand towel she carried, Emilia patted him on the head.

Beatrice, with her hands held out and seemingly trying to heal his wounds, shrugged her shoulders, appearing to feel not only a sense of relief, but also a sense of joy.

Both of them seemed to feel happy to be looking after Subaru.

Looking at this, for some reason Rem felt her chest tingle.

Medium: [Hey, hey, Abel-chin, do you think you can manage?]

Not having noticed that which occurred in Rem’s heart, Medium tilted her head as she asked Abel this question.

Abel narrowed his black eyes at her question, and then nodded his head after a moment.

Vincent: [There is no problem. In fact, it is foolish to point at me and question whether I can work hard. Ever since I decided that I would assume the seat of Emperor, I lost the right to act haphazardly.]

Medium: [――? Does that mean that you’re going to continue working hard as the Emperor?]

Vincent: [――. That is a foolish way of saying it, but roughly, yes.]

Medium: [I see! Then I also agree! Let’s work together~!]

Medium’s face suddenly brightened up and she held her hand out towards Abel. Abel glared at Medium’s hand, and proceeded to turn his face away.

At Abel’s cold attitude, Medium withdrew her hand and clapped her hands together, producing a snapping sound.

Medium: [Well, should we go to meet the others? Big bro also wanted to talk with Abel-chin.]

Vincent: [I do not have the time to talk with that thing, but Serena Dracroy’s flying dragon ship should also be back soon. Either way, I need to talk with the main players now.]

Rem: [――Ah, please wait.]

Towards Medium’s urging, Abel drew back his chin.

For Abel, who liked to take care of things quickly, she knew that from now on, important discussions would have to be held to discuss how to deal with the problems occurring in the Imperial Capital.

Naturally, as people who were important to that discussion, it was already decided that Subaru and Emilia would be present, but before that, Rem had something important to say.

Half of the reason Rem stood there was because of her concern about the twisted relationship between Subaru and Abel, but the other half was because of that.

Subaru: [Abel, I also have something that I want to do before I meet everyone… Something that I absolutely must do. So, let me go do that first.]

Rem: [Ah…]

Stopping the exchange, Rem tried to tell them her reason for coming. However, Subaru interrupted Rem as he began to speak, turning his gaze towards her.

That gaze made her understand that what he absolutely had to do was the same thing as what Rem had tried to say. So, Rem pursed her lips, and nodded.

And then――,

Subaru: [――Rem, take me to Katya-san.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [What the fuck, brat? This ain’t no place for you.]

When he visited his intended cabin, Subaru’s eyes widened as he was greeted by a vulgar voice.

Standing behind the open door was a man with a rough greeting voice that matched his eye-patched face――for a moment, he had a difficult time opening his memory drawer, but then it hit him.

Subaru: [Jamal… right?]

Jamal: [Oh? How do you know my name? I don’t know you.]

Subaru: [You’re, alive…]

Jamal: [Ain’t’cha a damned rude little brat, huh!?]

The name of the man who had opened his mouth, donning an unexpectedly clean set of teeth, making his throat growl, was Jamal.

When Subaru was blown away to the Vollachian Empire, he was one of the first people he had encountered in the Empire―― the man who had been Todd Fang’s companion.

As far as Subaru knew, in the Fortress City of Guaral, when Todd helped a General First-Class, who had been previously captured, escape, he had certainly been captured as a prisoner of war by the rear guards who remained.

Following that, due to Subaru going through a lot, his safety had honestly slipped his mind.

Subaru: [Why are you in this cabin?]

Jamal: [What’s so weird ’bout me being in my little sister’s cabin?]

Subaru: [Little sister… Ah.]

Hearing the sound of his questions melting away due to the answer, Subaru remembered.

It reminded him, Todd mentioned that his fiancée was Jamal’s younger sister. Meaning that, the people in front of him, Jamal and Katya, were actually siblings.

The delicate Katya and the thuggish and wild Jamal were siblings.

Subaru: [Well, both the color of your hair and its frizziness are similar…?]

Jamal: [I don’t understand what you’re saying, but I do understand that you’re pissing me off. Brat, if you don’t wanna get hurt you should…]

Katya: [――Nii-san! Stop it!]

Perhaps annoyed by Subaru’s attitude, Jamal rolled up his sleeves and showed him a gesture of trying to kick him out by force. But before he could do so, a shrill voice from behind called him to stop.

Looking into the cabin past Jamal’s side, a cabin with a layout similar to the one in which Subaru had been sleeping in, at its far end was a woman was lying on a bed.

That woman was――,

Subaru: [Katya-san.]

Katya: [You… are finally awake… Y-you’ve been sleeping too much. Seriously, really…]

Katya looked at Subaru from the other side of her brother’s body, who was standing in the way, seeing her sit up on the bed. Then Jamal quickly walked over to her and said, “Oi oi”,

Jamal: [Take it easy! You dunno if you might die or not, so move slowly.]

Katya: [I’m not that fragile! Don’t compare me to a brother who doesn’t even die when he’s supposed to be dead…]

Jamal: [I didn’t die in the first place, but you people would’ve killed me anyway out of your own volition…!]

Jamal, his concern flat out rejected, and now stigmatized as a dead man after so long, slightly shuddered.

It seemed like a lot had happened in the reunion of these siblings, but it was not Subaru’s real intention to delve into that. There had been another reason for his visit.

Rem: [――. Are you okay?]

Subaru looked down slightly and saw that his feet had not moved very far from the entrance into the cabin, and it was Rem, who was with him, who had asked that.

After apologizing to Emilia, Abel, and the others, Subaru had come to visit this cabin alongside Rem.

As Katya’s friend, Rem had every reason to be present here. ――That was because she too had wanted to hear what Subaru was trying to do from here on out.

Subaru: [Yeah, I’m okay.]

Nodding, Subaru stepped into the cabin.

On the bed, Katya and Jamal were still arguing about something, but when Subaru arrived with Rem, Katya closed her mouth.

As she was, she kept her blue eyes, framed by long lashes, downcast,

Katya: […Is your body doing better now?]

Even if it was just a prelude to the main topic, her concern for Subaru’s body was kind.

Her tone was blunt and brusque, but there was no doubt that she was a lovely woman at heart, and that was why she had become close to the unreliable Rem.

To this woman, Subaru had to tell her.

Subaru: [Yeah, I’m okay. Thanks, for worrying about me.]

Katya: […I wasn’t worried or anything. It’s just that this girl seemed anxious.]

Subaru: [――――]

With a glance, Subaru looked toward Rem as she stood next to him, her expression stiff.

Knowing roughly what was going to be discussed, he did not overreact to Katya’s words as he normally would.

Although it was something he had anticipated, Subaru admonished his own weakness, which made him want to put off the main topic. Taking a deep breath, he exhaled.

And then――,

Subaru: [I’m sorry. I… couldn’t bring Todd back.]

And thus, he informed her of the final parting between him and Todd in the Imperial Capital.

Katya: [――――]

Squeezing his small fist tightly, overcome with grief, Subaru let the cruel truth be known.

At the end of the battle in the Imperial Capital, even though Todd had helped them break through the siege of zombies, their clash had been all but inevitable.

Subaru had decided not to kill Todd, a man who hated and abhorred Subaru’s way of thinking and who was determined to get rid of him, and they faced off against each other.

But in the end――,

Subaru: [Umm, he was washed away by the floodwater that swept into the city, but any more than that…]

Katya: [――Oh.]

Subaru: [It’s just that, in the fight against the zombies , he acted as a decoy and suffered a lot of injuries. That’s why…]

Due to Subaru’s report, a hoarse exhale escaped from Katya. As if to overlap with that breath, Subaru described what he saw to Katya in a way that was not exactly as he had seen it.

Subaru could have given Katya hope, had he wished to.

The reality was that, the last time Subaru had laid eyes upon Todd, he had been swallowed up by that muddy current, disappearing. It was supposedly possible to show some hope for his survival, in case his body had gone without being found.

But, Subaru did not do that.

Subaru: [――――]

The last time Subaru had laid eyes upon Todd was when the latter’s figure had been encompassed by the flood.

However, the exact description had been left out. To be precise, the last time Subaru had seen Todd, the latter had adopted the form of a werewolf, the latter had taken a deep axe blow to his chest, to then tumble into the rushing waters.

――He had been severely wounded, and in a state of unconsciousness, he had been swallowed up by the muddy current. He could not have escaped harm.

Jamal: [――Hk.]

Upon hearing Subaru’s story, the sound of Jamal gritting his teeth hard could be heard echoing throughout the cabin.

For Jamal, Todd was his companion, and, more than that, his future brother-in-law, the person whom he had decided to entrust his sister Katya to.

It was a terribly odd feeling, but Subaru also wanted to hope that Todd had survived, if possible.

Having his expectations seriously betrayed, their relation was that of his life being targeted, and in the world where Subaru actually Returned by Death, Todd was an opponent that had taken his life multiple times.

However, since he had a history of dealing with Todd on many occasions, he understood.

Todd was just an ordinary person with no special powers. The fact that he was a werewolf was not an advantage which could overturn that life-threatening situation.

In a helpless situation where Subaru would die, Todd would also lose his life.

Todd Fang, had been swallowed up by that flood, had perished.

As the person who, in the end, had been the closest witness to the final moment of his life, that was Subaru’s conclusion.

Subaru: [――――]

Silence fell upon the cabin.

Gradually, the silence seemed to burn his forehead and the nape of his neck. There was a heartache that he had to live with; it was something he had decided to take on by himself.

So, after a while, as he continued to experience the sensation of his skin being burned――,

Katya: […Y-you didn’t see the crucial part of it, did you? Then, maybe, he’s not dead.]

Her voice, faltering and cracking, caused Subaru to look up.

Not only Subaru, but also Rem and Jamal, all looked at Katya upon the bed. She fiddled with her hair, her blue eyes quivering,

Katya: [What, what if? If you’d seen Todd’s head get smashed in, or his body cut in half, or burned to a crisp, or something like that, you know? If you’d seen it, you might think so, yes, but…]

Rem: [Katya-san…]

Katya: [But see, he really, really clings to his life. And besides, when we parted ways, he told me he’d come back soon… Definitely, back to me… He’d never lie. Even when he told me that my brother had died! He just misspoke, that’s all!]

Rem: [Katya-san!]

Raising her voice, Katya started clawing at her hair. The sight of it made Rem call out to her, and she cuddled up on the bunk to hold Katya’s head.

Cradling Katya’s head in her chest, Rem caressed her back.

Rem: [Slowly, breathe slowly. I’m right here beside you…]

Katya: [You’re, you’re wrong… he wouldn’t… that easily… right? Right, Rem…?]

Rem: [Katya-san…]

Large tears streamed from Katya’s eyes, soaking Rem’s clothes as she hugged her. Without minding that, Rem continued to stroke her sobbing friend’s back.

Subaru’s heart was intensely torn by Katya’s honest reaction.

He understood.

That Katya would be hurt this way by telling her about Todd. It was a really, really complicated relationship, but Todd’s feelings for Katya were likely genuine. Katya as well, was really cherished by Todd. That was why there were these tears.

That was why Subaru had not mentioned the crueler truth.

It was something that Rem was not even aware of. ――It was Rem who had finished off Todd, who had turned into a werewolf, with an axe.

In order to protect Subaru, Rem had put an end to Todd.

Since Todd had been in his werewolf form at the time, and since he had not undone his beastification until the instant he was submerged, Rem was unaware of this fact. Moreover, Subaru had no intention of enlightening her on the matter.

Subaru did not believe that the truth had any value here.

Todd loved Katya, and Katya loved him back. That was what mattered. There was no reason to destroy those memories and dwell on what really happened.

Subaru: [Todd truly cared about Katya-san. All the way until the very end.]

That was the only motive without any lies that Natsuki Subaru, the target of Todd Fang’s raw murderous intent, could convey to Katya Aurélie.

Katya: [――Hk.]

Katya, sobbing, wrapped her arms around Rem’s back as she hugged her, and one could see her nails digging hard into Rem’s back. It was painful, but Rem took it in silence.

In this cabin echoing with sobs, Rem glanced at Subaru, and shook her head.

Within that gesture, Rem conveyed to leave Katya to her, and her gratitude to Subaru who had come prepared for this outcome.

Jamal: [――. Sorry to make you have to play a nasty role, brat.]

As they left the cabin, leaving Rem and Katya behind, Jamal stated so to Subaru.

With Subaru raising an eyebrow at Jamal’s surprisingly straightforward words, he grimly wrinkled his nose with a, “Y’know”,

Jamal: [It’s a tough role to inform the family of the deceased. No matter how heroically and bravely the person died, there are still those who’re gonna wanna cry.]

Subaru: […How about you?]

Jamal: [Huh?]

Subaru: [Because Todd is your companion, your sister’s fiancé, he’s someone special to you as well, right?]

With cheeks contorted, Jamal pondered Subaru’s question.

After a moment of silence, he touched the eyepatch covering his right eye with his finger,

Jamal: [Dunno. If the bastard had survived, I would’ve laughed it off, being that we both failed to die, but that possibility’s completely gone. Well, if he died fighting, then he did his job as an Imperial Soldier. Tho’ he mocked that hardcore.]

Subaru: [――――]

As he said that, Jamal gave a small snort and laughed at the last part.

Subaru could not tell whether it was a laugh at the thought of Todd’s uncharacteristic end, or whether it was a laugh based on some kind of Imperial way that Subaru did not understand.

Whichever the case may be, Subaru did not feel that he could laugh at someone’s death.

Jamal: [It’s just…]

In front of Subaru, who was thinking that, Jamal suddenly followed up.

At the tone of his voice, Subaru opened his eyes wide. For what was in Jamal’s continued voice was not anger nor was it loneliness, but something more akin to anticipation.

And that impression was correct, as Jamal went on to say,

Jamal: [Don’t think that son of a bitch’d die so easily. What Katya said’s true… I haven’t seen him actually die.]

Subaru: [That is… Yeow.]

Jamal: [Clam it, brat. Regardless of what I think, that’s hope for Katya.]

As Subaru was about to involuntarily object, Jamal’s finger flicked the former’s forehead. Having silenced him, Jamal jerked his chin toward the door behind him as he said that.

Subaru could not discern whether the hope Jamal spoke of was a bright one or a cruel one. However, he understood that he was not qualified to interfere.

Only those who were invited and allowed to participate in Katya and Todd’s lives had the right to interfere with their feelings. ――Subaru was not qualified to do so.

Jamal: [Damn, for a guy who hated to fight, you had quite the hot-blooded attitude. And ‘cause of that, you crossed a far more dangerous bridge than I did.]

Looking up at the ceiling of the hallway, Jamal made that critique of Todd.

Even though Jamal did not show his face, even though his voice trembled, Subaru was still not qualified to point this out.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Heeello~, Subaru-kun, you’re looking well, areeen’t~ you? You’ve been looking more youthful, I wooonder~ if it’s thanks to the food of the Empire?]

Subaru: [Amazing. The only person that could make such a gaudy joke after seeing me like this is Roswaal.]

Roswaal: [Oh my, no one else was calm enough to do that, were theeey~? By the way, for the time being, in this place I go by the name Dudley—— From now on, let’s get along, okay?]

With his blue eye closed, leaving his yellow eye winking towards him, it was an expression that Subaru had not seen in a while—— Roswaal’s, that was, and coming face-to-face with him made Subaru break into a smile.

As expected, Roswaal was unphased as he looked at the shrunken-down Subaru, but Subaru decided not to mention that his style differed from his usual clown costume. It was a little vexing, as it reminded him of when he changed his tone of voice and intentionally omitted explaining anything.

After Subaru had informed Katya of Todd’s final moments, Subaru had gone to the middle of the coupled dragon carriages to a larger passenger car that had been prepared for him.

The coupled dragon carriages—— According to Subaru’s prior knowledge, they were similar in structure to electric and railway trains, the likes of which could only be found in the Vollachian Empire, which was flatter than most other countries.

Of course, when it came to who held the larger number of ground dragons, that went to the Kingdom of Lugunica; thus, he decided he would keep in a corner of his mind that it would probably be possible to lay out something similar, provided he chose the right terrain.

Roswaal: [This coupled dragon carriage, I dare say that it appears to be one of the secrets of the Empire. From what I’ve heard, it was invented by a member of the Nine Divine Generals known for their wisdom…]

Subaru: [I knew it. I’ve never seen something like this in the Kingdom… Thinking about it, we’ve seriously seen a lot of the inner workings of the Empire.]

Roswaal: [Hahaha, it’d be disastrous if we’re prevented from returning just because we peeked at the dark side of the Empire too much. From now on, I think it may be wise if we spend some time with our eyes closed.]

Subaru: [That’s, no laughing matter either…]

Roswaal gave a hearty laugh in agreement as Subaru grumbled this. Otto wore a dismayed expression as he overheard their conversation.

The passenger carriage in question was a dining car with a lot of tables, designed with enough space to accommodate roughly twenty people. However, the purpose for all these tables was not for having a meal, but rather for discussions such as assemblies and war councils.

In fact, Subaru and Roswaal were not the only ones there; there were many other faces as well.

Of course, Emilia and Beatrice, who had come here earlier, were sitting at the same table as Ram.

Ram gave a scornful gaze to Subaru, who had come alone.

Ram: [Little Barusu, what happened with Rem? Shouldn’t she be with you?]

Subaru: [You really didn’t need to use that prefix… Right now, Rem is with Katya-san. For this discussion, I don’t think we’ll be seeing her face.]

Ram: [——. Ah, yes.]

Spilling out a sigh, Ram did not dig any further into Subaru’s answer.

At last, Ram had managed to meet her younger sister, Rem, but apparently they were not as clingy with each other as Subaru had thought they would be. From the get-go, he had the impression that the two of them were quite close with one another, so Subaru had hoped that the two sisters would be constantly holding each other’s hands.

Ram: [Ram and Rem are both their own person. Don’t be forcing your own selfish feelings onto us, young Barusu. It’s disgusting.]

Subaru: [Don’t read other people’s minds! I’m not being disgusting!]

Ram: [While Ram couldn’t be around, it was the people around Rem that supported her. Don’t think of belittling those relationships. Shameless, undeveloped Barusu.]

Subaru: [Let’s see how long it takes for you to use up all of your variations of my nickname, nee-sama…!]

As his cheeks twitched at the various things Ram said and did, Subaru took a deep breath.

Ram had a point; it would be no good to rush. First of all, the sisters had been successfully reunited, so they should not rush and should advance forward slowly.

There was no need to worry, as there was a bond between Ram and Rem that no one could get between.

He was able to believe this from the atmosphere that he had felt when they had come to visit Subaru together.

Subaru: [But, are these all our members ? What about Petra, Frederica, and Garfiel?]

Emilia: [Petra-chan and Frederica are taking care of the soldiers that are fighting. Garfiel as well, he’s also busy with the wounded.]

Subaru: [The fighting, that’s still ongoing?]

Emilia: [Yes, it is. Subaru, I think you saw a lot of them in the Imperial Capital…]

In regards to the whereabouts of the missing members, Emilia slightly hesitated with her answer.

What she was about to say, Subaru could guess what it would be.

Subaru: [The zombies …]

Otto: [W-what is that, that strange name?]

Subaru: [A dead person that can move around. In my hometown, we call them zombies . I thought it’d be better if they had a name, so I called them that for the sake of convenience.]

Otto: [Do you not have way too many weird things in your hometown, Natsuki-san?]

Otto turned a reproachful look towards Subaru, whose mouth curved into a smile.

In this case, he thought about whether he should argue that this world in which zombies had actually appeared was the stranger one, or whether it was his world, in which zombies were the subject of so many works of fiction, but did not actually exist. Truly an incomprehensible matter of dimensions.

Roswaal: [I see, that’s good, zombies . At least, we can avoid calling them “corpse soldiers”.]

Then, Roswaal cut in between Subaru and Otto’s conversation.

Subaru ruminated on the words “corpse soldiers” that had come from his mouth.

Subaru: [Something like that, it seems like it’s connected to some bad memories, huh?]

Roswaal: [That is indeed the case. It’s one of the memories that I don’t wish to remember.]

Beatrice: [As discussed in the Imperial Capital, it’s safe to say that this is the result of the Sacrament of the Immortal King, I suppose. According to the records, it was used most recently during the Kingdom’s civil war, in fact.]

Subaru: [So that’s why it’s a bad memory.]

At Subaru’s gaze, Roswaal gave a vague smile as he declined to say anything further.

Roswaal had a deep knowledge of the past. Even if he himself had not participated in the civil war, he still might have had a bad experience with the Sacrament of the Immortal King.

Beatrice: [But, as far as Betty knows, that secret art is meant to be an unstable product, I suppose. To create such a great number of zombies and reproduce it so well, it should be impossible, in fact.]

Subaru: [But, they were actually moving and talking, so there must be some reason for it, right?]

Beatrice: […Betty is also scratching her head, I suppose. Dudley, you shouldn’t be slacking off, in fact.]

Roswaal: [My oh my, I’m upset that you think that I’m slacking off. Since this also involves me, there’s no reason for me to cut any corners. Besides, all of your lives are also at stake.]

Beatrice: [Betty doesn’t know how much to trust you, I suppose.]

Roswaal: [I understand. Because your life is also at stake.]

Beatrice: [What do you understand, in fact! You’re just cracking even more jokes, I suppose!]

With his chin resting on his folded hands Roswaal gave this answer, causing Beatrice’s face to become red as she shouted at him.

Beatrice exploded with frustration at the tease from Roswaal, but even Subaru was not sure what Roswaal was truly thinking. However, since Beatrice was Subaru’s partner, he pulled down his eyelid and stuck his tongue out at him.

Emilia: [Well, I’m not really sure of the details, but is it alright if I call them “ zombees ” like Subaru?]

Otto: [I see no problem with it? It is shorter than saying corpse soldiers.]

Subaru: [That way of agreement is just like Otto…]

And so, just like that, as Subaru’s conversation with the others came to a close,

???: [——Your Excellency, according to a report I received from General Second-Class Kafma, they will remain in the Gairahal Tropics to keep an eye on the stragglers as much as possible.]

???: [Also, from General First-Class Olbart, he is using delaying tactics with the shinobi under his command! However, he said that since their opponent has no need to resupply water or food rations, it seems that what he can do decreases by about half!]

???: [As for Kafma Irulux and Olbart Dunkelkenn, tell them to continue their operations as they have been doing. Serena Dracroy, what of your flying dragon ship?]

??? : [It has yet to return. Hopefully the fact that it’s taking longer than anticipated doesn’t mean that the Fortified City has fallen.]

???: […If it performs the purpose it was built to do, the Fortified City should not be unprepared.]

And so, with the flurry of several footsteps and important talk flying around, Abel and three of his retainers—— an old man, a large man, and a beautiful woman, arrived within the carriage.

Subaru did not know any of their names.

Otto: [The old man is the Prime Minister Berstetz Fondalfon, the tall man is General First-Class Goz Ralfon, and that woman is High Countess Serena Dracroy.]

Subaru: [You saved me there… Goz, I think he’s the guy that was arrested for letting Abel escape.]

Otto guessed the reason for Subaru’s frowning profile and made his comment. Among the names Subaru had heard from him, was the name of one of the Nine Divine Generals whose survival was supposed to be uncertain.

He was someone who had been stated of being able to be considered an ally to Abel supposing he had survived, so he was honestly happy to see him actually at Abel’s side.

Vincent: [All of you are here? Good, then we can begin the war council.]

Subaru: [Hey, what about Flop-san and the others?]

Vincent: [If there was a shortage of manpower like at the Fortress City, it would be a different story, but what value would the addition of a peddler provide to this war council?]

Otto: [That is true. I wonder, why am I even here…?]

Beside Subaru, who had tilted his head, Otto also tilted his head at what Abel said.

But the reason for which Otto had tilted his head was not known by the Emilia Camp, Subaru included. It was only natural for Otto to be present here.

He was even laughed at scornfully by Ram with a “Ha”.

Subaru: [And Taritta-san, Mizelda-san, and the others are positioned in the passenger car at the rear, so they won’t be here for this discussion, right?]

Berstetz: [Indeed. That is what we have heard from the People of Shudraq. They have given me a really reassuring reply that when the time comes for them to utilize their power, they will do so fully.]

Goz: [Certainly, I never thought that I would get the opportunity to stand side-by-side with the People of Shudraq, renowned for their bravery and courage! If this were not a struggle for the survival of the Empire, I would be all the more excited! Damn!]

Vincent: [You make too much noise. Keep your mouth closed.]

Abel silenced Goz, causing him to clinch his fists, which were the size of a child’s head, as he restrained himself. It was an inconsiderate remark, but since nobody paid it any attention, it was probably just a typical exchange between them.

At any rate, he now understood why Flop and the People of Shudraq were not present.

Emilia: [Subaru, your friends from the Empire are…]

Subaru: [I’ve already told everyone in the Battalion that I’d speak as their representative. Ummm, there’s something I want to discuss with everyone. Especially with Beako.]

Beatrice: [With Betty…? This doesn’t feel like it’s going to be good, in fact.]

Subaru: [There, there, there.]

For the time being, he had asked his comrades from the Pleiades Battalion to refrain from attending this meeting.

After all, Subaru and Abel were both in the same cabin. With one wrong move, Weitz could have attacked Abel in an attempt to hand over the throne to Subaru.

The lie that Subaru was the illegitimate son of Abel―― of Vincent Vollachia, that he was the black-haired Crown Prince, was still ongoing. He eventually needed to resolve that issue as well.

Subaru: [Though, it would’ve been nice at least if Tanza were here…]

Subaru was the only one attending the meeting as a member of the Battalion. He did not feel comfortable taking her out of her cabin, as she was not looking well.

As was the case when she had visited him, he would definitely have to talk to Tanza later.

Subaru: [Also, I haven’t seen Louis around…]

Ram: [That girl is with Medium and Flop. You seem to have a lot of feelings for her, but what do you intend to do with her, Barusu?]

Subaru: [――. We can talk about that later, too.]

Ram’s light-crimson eyes narrowed, and Subaru felt compelled to reply.

Ram knew that Louis had been present at Pleiades Watchtower right before Subaru and Rem had been sent to the Empire. Naturally, from Ram’s mouth and from Abel’s, Louis’s true identity would have been shared with everyone.

Still, she would like to know who, along with what kind of work and effort, had made it possible for her to be on board this coupled dragon carriage.

In addition, they needed to find the best compromise for Louis.

Vincent: [Now that you have finally caught up, we shall start this war council, Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: [You, don’t forget that I’m holding onto an enormous scandal , okay? I mean, I guess it’s like that, but not quite.]

Abel’s attitude had not changed on the surface, even though he vividly remembered him meekly bowing his head. Using disparaging words at his attitude, Subaru put a stop to him.

Still, there was a companion whose movements had not yet been confirmed.

That was――,

Subaru: [――What about Priscilla? She must have been in Guaral, and wasn’t she also at the Imperial Capital? Besides, Tanza mentioned Yorna.]

Subaru asked this, as if he were saying “she should have been there” while looking at Abel’s face.

Somehow, Priscilla and her merry band of companions had come to the Vollachian Empire. Al had even accompanied him to the Demon City of Chaosflame, so he was sure that they had been involved in the battle for the Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

As for Yorna, Subaru and his group had also received information that she had joined the rebels. Tanza had likewise felt Yorna’s presence in the Imperial Capital.

Naturally, such faces would certainly be on board the coupled dragon carriage as well.

Speaking of a face he had not seen, he also had not seen Cecilus either, but Cecilus’s moodiness was the same as it was before they had left Gladiator Island, so he was not concerned about him――,

Subaru: [――Hey?]

However, once Subaru did ask about them, Abel fell silent and closed one eye.

Suspicious of his reaction, Subaru furrowed his brows as he looked around to see that Abel was not the only one who’d had such a reaction.

For some reason, nobody was saying anything about Priscilla’s group’s movements.

If Priscilla and the rest of her group had heartlessly returned to the Kingdom before the siege of the Imperial Capital, then Emilia and the others would have been surprised to hear Priscilla’s name.

That was not the case. And, the answer to this uncomfortable silence was――,

Beatrice: [――Subaru, that was kept secret to avoid agitating you, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Beako?]

Before he could react, Beatrice took action, and squeezed Subaru’s hand. Subaru’s cheeks tightened at Beatrice’s preamble.

Then, Emilia turned her attention towards Subaru, who unconsciously held Beatrice’s hand tightly,

Emilia: [Stay calm and listen to me, Subaru. About Priscilla and Yorna-san…]

She paused for a beat.

Emilia continued with what felt like a drawn-out answer to the anxious Subaru.

That was――,

Emilia: [When we were all fleeing together from the Imperial Capital, we didn’t find those two. ――But, I want to believe that they’re safe.]

――It was definite proof of the wounds inflicted to their side during the siege of the Imperial Capital.

--- Chapter 14: The Kingdom and the Empire ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Priscilla and Yorna had not returned.

The lack of disagreement from the other people in the cabin made it clear that he had not misheard the startling information that came from Emilia’s mouth.

The siege of the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, the battle between the regular army of the Empire and the rebels who had risen against them, one could only imagine the magnitude of the role that Priscilla and Yorna had played in the midst of that event.

At the same time, Subaru’s fists clenched tightly in the realization of one thing.

Subaru: [So that was the reason for Tanza’s disheartened expression…]

When Subaru had woken up in bed, in the coupled dragon carriage, some members of the Battalion had come to visit him. He was concerned that among them, Tanza had been looking depressed the whole time.

Subaru had planned to discuss the future course of action with Emilia, Abel, and the others, and then try to ask Tanza again once things had settled down. However, before Subaru could actually do so, the reason for Tanza’s anxiety became clear to him.

Subaru: [So even though those two didn’t come back, we still left the Imperial Capital!?]

Vincent: [――. There is no end to the list of those who participated in the battle and have not yet returned. Of course, her presence and Yorna Mishigure’s would be substantial, but they shall not be given special treatment.]

Subaru: [But Yorna-san is…! Even then! You should have had some sort of bond with Priscilla as well.]

While glancing out the window of the dragon carriage, seeing the scenery outside pass by as it rode forth, Subaru appealed to Abel, and thinking of the Imperial Capital that was moving away in the distance.

He had not known the full details of the situation. But Priscilla, who had rushed to his predicament in the Fortress City, had literally flown there, likely to protect Abel.

The exchanges that had followed, while sharp as if they were pointing blades at each other, seemed to have a certain sense of familiarity between two people who knew each other well.

Abel must not have been at peace with Priscilla having vanished.

Perhaps his earlier distraught reaction in Subaru’s cabin was not solely due to the person known as Chisha, who had died.

Goz: [You, how dare you speak so rudely to His Excellency!]

However, the one to raise an objection to Subaru’s attitude had not been Abel himself, but the large man beside him.

A man clad in golden armor, his face filled with scars; Goz Ralfon. The volume of his voice erupting like a volcano, he looked down upon the boy who was hounding the Emperor Goz had pledged his loyalty to.

Goz: [Looking at the particulars of the situation in the Imperial Capital, it would only be natural for His Excellency to abandon the Capital! The remaining Generals, Soldiers, and people will understand the validity of His Excellency’s judgment!]

Subaru: [I’m not talking about whether it was right or wrong. What I’m trying to say is…]

Goz: [YOU――!]

Vincent: [Cease this, Goz Ralfon. It is not in his nature to stay silent.]

Goz’s face turned red at Subaru’s insistence, but Abel stopped him with his hand.

At the sound of Abel’s calm voice, Goz closed his half-opened mouth, and he hung his head in respect. Subaru, on the other hand, looked at Abel with an embarrassed look on his face,

Subaru: [Sorry for all the fuss. But I’m going to repeat the same to you.]

Vincent: [It is as Goz said. Remaining in the Imperial Capital under the current circumstances is tantamount to throwing away one’s life. I could not make such a decision. Of course, there is fear regarding the safety of Priscilla and Yorna Mishigure…]

Emilia: [You know, Subaru, it’s not all bad news… Well, umm, it’s said that even amidst bad news, there’s also hope.]

In front of Subaru, Emilia placed her hand on Subaru’s shoulder with lowered eyebrows.

She, like Subaru, was very concerned about the safety of Priscilla and Yorna. If she said there was hope, it was for Subaru’s sake, as well.

Subaru: [By hope, what kind do you mean?]

Emilia: [Priscilla and Yorna-san are both reaaally strong, but not only that, they have the power to influence the others around them.]

Subaru: [Around them… That’s, yeah. Though I don’t know if that’s the case with Priscilla.]

Yorna, the ruler of the Demon City of Chaosflame, had enhanced the entire city’s power with her Soul Marriage Technique, an ability to connect the path of her soul with all the city’s inhabitants.

That also applied to Tanza, whose unparalleled power, despite her appearance as nothing more than a lovely deergirl, was different from the enhancement the generality of the Pleiades Battalion would get.

It seemed to be a rather powerful supportive effect, and the effect persisted even on the Gladiator Island, far from Chaosflame, and even during the siege of the Imperial Capital――.

Subaru: […Could it be that Tanza’s enhancements are still in place?]

Beatrice: [In addition, the effect on those who have joined us from the Demon City remains in place, I suppose.]

Ram: [Naturally, that means General First-Class Yorna, the wielder of that mystic art, is alive and well. That’s why Emily, who is of a nervous disposition, is not panicking.]

Emilia: [Yeah, I’m not panicking. And Priscilla is the same way.]

Subaru: [Priscilla… is the same?]

Beatrice and Ram corroborated Subaru’s guess. Then, Emilia’s follow-up statement that Yorna and Priscilla were the same caused Subaru to frown.

If he were to interpret that at face-value, it would mean Priscilla was a user of the same technique as Yorna.

Subaru: [But that doesn’t sound like a Priscilla-like ability, and I thought Abel said the Soul Marriage Technique was really difficult to use. Was that a lie?]

Vincent: [Fool. What is in it for me to deceive you? I do not care what you think of me now, but there is no reason to recklessly provoke animosity here. Use your head.]

Subaru: [If that wasn’t supposed to provoke my animosity, you’re not cut out to be Emperor.]

Even if it did not this time, in the near future, this was behavior that would surely lead to a revolt.

When Subaru raised this point, Goz again became angry, but Berstetz, standing next to him, intervened and prevented a major incident.

Otto: [In any case, though I do understand Natsuki-san’s impression of Priscilla-sama, she is a user of this so-called Soul Marriage Technique. I have seen it with my own eyes.]

Emilia: [Otto-kun is right, I saw it too. However, unlike Yorna’s extraordinary use of it, in her case, it is limited to her favorite servant-kun.]

Subaru: [Her favorite, Schult…? Speaking of which, what about Al?]

In conjunction with Priscilla having not returned, when the conversation turned to her Camp, Subaru asked about the man in the iron helmet, who had not been seen here or in the coupled dragon carriages.

Al’s position was that of Priscilla’s Knight, although both master and servant did not approve of it at all.

He, too, was easygoing and frivolous, but he was certainly loyal to Priscilla. Naturally, Al must have felt most responsible for Priscilla not returning.

Beatrice: […That man, he didn’t get on the dragon carriage, and instead remained in the Imperial Capital, in fact. Just as you thought, Subaru, he’s taking action to search for Priscilla, I suppose.]

Subaru: [That guy…! No way, all by himself?]

Ram: [He was of the opinion that by his lonesome, he would be quicker to adapt to changing circumstances. Ram is in agreement with that idea. It would not be a good idea to leave so many people in the Imperial Capital under those circumstances.]

Subaru: [Damn, so that’s why… Hk.]

He received an answer about the absent Al, but it was a fact that made Subaru’s brow wrinkle.

Despite his appearance, Al was quite astute, and he was someone who specialized in surviving things beyond his capability. Still, there was no doubt that his strength was a step below from those who were truly strong.

Despite being aware of this, Al supported Subaru like a relative would. Even in the Demon City, there had been many times when Subaru would have lost his life if it had not been for him.

Otto: [As for Priscilla-sama’s Camp, Priscilla-sama is at the top. Al-dono, her follower, and Heinkel-dono, who accompanied her, are missing. Schult-kun is resting in a cabin.]

Subaru: [Heinkel… Somehow, that’s a name that I have an incredibly unpleasant memory of…]

Otto: [He is a drunkard.]

Beatrice: [That description fails to get the point across, in fact… He’s Reinhard’s father, I suppose.]

Subaru: [――! That shitty father! Why’s that guy in the Empire!?]

Eyes opened wide, Subaru retrieved an unpleasant recollection from the depths of his memory.

In the Watergate City of Pristella, Heinkel was the man who ruined the atmosphere when they had all been sitting in harmony. He had been with Priscilla and the others on that occasion, but it was surprising that he too was present in the Empire.

Egotistical and self-centered, it seemed like he would never have wanted to come to the Vollachian Empire.

Emilia: [But, Heinkel-san is also missing.]

Subaru: [Just like Priscilla and Yorna, he hasn’t returned… Dammit, I don’t know how to feel about this.]

Of course, he did not want him to die, nor did he think he should die.

On the other hand, he was not a person whom he thought of fondly, so he had no reason to wish for him to stay alive beyond not wanting to make Reinhard or Wilhelm sad.

But, he had a thought on the results of him participating in that battle.

Subaru: [――――]

Heinkel, a man of the Kingdom of Lugunica and father of Reinhard, the Sword Saint.

A situation in which that man, caught up in a battle of the Vollachian Empire, would end up losing his life was a thought that caused even Subaru, who was not on friendly terms with him, to feel a bitter emotion.

Subaru needed to return to the Kingdom with all of his precious companions, no matter what.

And so, it happened at the moment when Subaru had just strengthened his resolve.

Otto: [The circumstances of Priscilla-sama and Yorna-san are as I have told you. On top of that, I would like to make a firm statement before we start the meeting going over the future course of action.]

The one who began to speak after a heavy silence had fallen over the cabin, was Otto.

He stood up on the spot and held up one index finger to attract the attention of those around him, and,

Otto: [As I am sure you know, we are people of the Kingdom. Having acknowledged that we are responsible for crossing the border at a time when we were not allowed to cross, I will state this.]

Vincent: [――State it.]

Otto: [Yes. ――We have accomplished our objective. Once we enter the Fortified City of Garkla, we will proceed to go northward through the Kararagi City-States, then return to the Kingdom of Lugunica.]

In the midst of this unprecedented crisis in the Vollachian Empire, in front of the Vollachian Emperor who was undergoing the emergency of his country being brought to ruin, Otto made a clear declaration.

△▼△▼△▼△

Otto: [――Natsuki-san and Emily, please remain silent.]

That was what Subaru and Emilia were told before they could even say anything, taking the wind out of their sails.

Without turning his gaze to them, Otto’s statement had surprised Subaru and Emilia before they would begin to vehemently protest, and had successfully allowed him to make the first moves.

Though, Subaru’s and Emilia’s reactions were natural.

With the Imperial Capital in such a state of destruction, and with no knowledge of the safety of Priscilla and Yorna, it would be too extreme to make plans to return to their home country.

Ram: [You may call it heartless, but Ram is in agreement with Otto’s plan. We have retrieved Rem and, incidentally, the short-limbed Barusu. Those results are satisfactory.]

Emilia: [Ram…!]

Ram: [There’s no use in giving Ram those wistful eyes, Emily. You should also understand. It is merely that Ram’s group unexpectedly accomplished this without losing anything. It’s far too dangerous to go any further.]

In place of Subaru and Emilia, who had been ordered to be quiet, Ram gave her approving opinion of Otto’s plan.

Ram, having given a cold answer to Emilia’s imploring gaze, partially closed her eyes in her usual pose, sitting on a chair and hugging her elbows.

Unexpectedly, they had just accomplished it without losing anything. ――Ram was correct in expressing it in that manner..

As a matter of fact, they had failed to bring Priscilla and Yorna back to this place. There was no guarantee that that would not happen to someone in their Camp.

Serena: [Dudley, do you agree with your wife?]

Roswaal: [She’s not my wife, but I’m generally in agreement with both of them.]

The one who brought Roswaal to this topic with that exchange was Serena, a beautiful woman with a conspicuous white scar on her face.

Was the one Serena referred to as “wife” meant to be Ram? While denying that allegation, Roswaal concurred with Otto and Ram.

Roswaal: [In fact, if you look only at our objectives, I’d say it was a perfect accomplishment. His limbs have become a little shorter, and the girl who was supposed to be asleep has become a tomboy, but the results are excellent. I guess withdrawing to the Kingdom here would be the decision with the least fear of losses.]

Ram: [Even if Barusu’s teeth haven’t finished emerging, Ram says the loss is minimal.]

Subaru: [All of my teeth have emerged, damnit…!]

Hoping that there would be no argument, Ram ragged on her impression of Subaru’s size. Regardless, given the bad course the conversation was taking, Subaru’s eyes wandered around.

Otto, Ram, and Roswaal were the three people in the Emilia Camp who had a strong voice in policy-making meetings because of their practical wisdom.

Despite being the top of the Emilia Camp, it was not unusual for Emilia’s and Subaru’s opinion to not be accepted. Rather, it was quite common.

Subaru: [So the only one on our side is Beako…?]

Beatrice: […Sorry, Subaru, but Betty is more on their side, in fact. Isn’t it far too dangerous to associate any more with the Empire, given that Subaru has shrunk, I suppose?]

Subaru: [No way, even you!?]

Subaru’s eyes widened in shock due to his partner’s unexpected betrayal.

However, although she seemed apologetic, there was no sign of Beatrice saying “It’s a joke, in fact”. She was saying that because she really cared about Subaru.

In short――,

Emilia: [Subaru…]

Subaru: […It’s just Emilia-tan and I.]

Squeezing her white hand tightly, Emilia’s amethyst eyes wavered. Subaru cleared his throat at her call and broke out in a cold sweat because he was so outmatched.

At the very least, if the others who were not there were present, it would be a different story――.

Otto: [Just for the record, Petra-chan agrees with us. Frederica-san is passive, but would prefer to return to our home country… Garfiel is the only one on your side.]

Subaru: [Only Emilia-tan, Garfiel and I!? Stop joking around!]

Emilia: [Uhh… I’m feeling reaaally helpless for some reason…]

With their wishful thinking smashed by pragmatism, the helplessness of Subaru’s and Emilia’s opinion was strengthened.

If this were a meeting where decisions were made by fist fighting, the presence of Emilia and Garfiel would be an overwhelming advantage, but they were simply not suited to other kinds of meetings.

Goz: [By the heavens! What a farce! I cannot stand to watch this!]

It was Goz who said as much while snorting at the arguments within Subaru’s group.

For him, who had previously complained about Subaru’s attitude towards Abel, he must have felt that all the words and deeds of his faction were disrespectful to the Emperor.

Taking a large step forward, Goz picked Subaru up by the nape of the neck. He truly did, and when he plucked him up with his two thick fingers, Subaru cried “Wah!” in astonishment.

Goz: [This is a matter of the Empire! If you are citizens of the Kingdom and not of the Empire, then you should cross the border as soon as possible, as per the policy you have established! Your strength is not required!]

Subaru: [W-wait a sec! We’re not quite done with our side of the conversation yet…]

Goz: [Silence――!!]

With his legs dangling in the air, a tremendous voice struck Subaru dizzy.

Even with his hands covering his ears, Goz’s voice penetrated his defense as if it were a weapon. However, his argument came from his pride in being an Imperial Soldier, and Subaru had no reason to follow suit.

Additionally, the same was true for outsiders other than Subaru.

Emilia: [That’s enough, Goz-san. First, put Subaru down, then we can talk about this properly.]

Immediately, stepping forward with her hands on her hips, was Emilia.

She looked up at Goz, who was holding Subaru in his hand, and communicated her firm will to him. Her attitude made Goz scowl deeply, and with his scarred face, he looked down at Emilia.

Goz: [And you, I see you share this boy’s opinion! But! The Sword Wolves of the Empire will accept no charity! Your help is unnecessary! Join your comrades and promptly…]

Emilia: [That! I have a reaaally strong objection to that!]

Goz: [What!?]

Emilia: [You say that our power isn’t necessary! But! I don’t think that’s the case at all!]

Beatrice: [Her voice has gotten loud in the heat of the moment, in fact.]

Not wanting to lose to Goz’s vigor, Emilia’s voice, akin to the ring of a silver bell, grew louder and louder.

The beauty remained intact, but Emilia’s voice sounded more like the toll of a large bell than that of a regular one; being challenged directly, Goz’s expression twisted.

Thrusting her finger towards Goz, who wore a contorted expression, Emilia continued,

Emilia: [After all! Even in the battle for the Imperial Capital, if it weren’t for me, Priscilla, and the others, everyone would have reaaally struggled a lot more!]

Goz: [――Hk!]

Emilia: [All of us! We were very strong, isn’t that right, Berstetz-san!?]

Speaking with a loud voice, Emilia turned the conversation to Berstetz.

Eyes as narrow as threads, the old man was unfazed by the sudden nomination. “Yes, I suppose so”, he replied, wringing the mustache around his mouth with his fingers,

Berstetz: [For my part, it was unexpected that the Generals of the First-Class would be unable to succeed in their battles. If that was the contribution of these women…]

Serena: [It feels strange to talk about things from our perspective, but the white light that was fired from the Palace… was dispelled by that girl in the dress.]

Berstetz: [――My my.]

Cocking her chin, Serena mentioned Beatrice’s achievement. Upon hearing this, Berstetz’s expression tightened slightly as he wondered what she had done to the light.

Just prior to the arrival Subaru and his team at the battlefield, a single shot had very nearly decided the battle―― Beatrice’s achievement in erasing that shot was mentioned, so, as her partner, he was proud.

Subaru: [Well, Goz-san, the prerequisites are different now, right? You say you don’t need our help, but without us, the situation would have been much worse.]

Emilia: [Yes! I don’t know specifically how, but I imagine it would have been a lot worse!]

Beatrice: [Emily, it’s time to turn down the volume , I suppose.]

Subaru and Emilia attacked in waves, with Serena and then Berstetz also providing support, causing Goz’s lips to twitch.

It would be difficult if only Subaru and his team had insisted, but in this situation, to be acknowledged by Serena and her colleagues, who were also participating in this top-level meeting, seemed to be highly effective against Goz, who gave off a strong sense of having worked his way up as a military man.

However――,

Goz: […I certainly acknowledge your contributions. But! In the first place, you have not concluded the most important discussions among yourselves!]

Subaru: [That’s…!]

Emilia: [That’s not wrong…]

He gave them a reasonable counterargument, and Subaru and Emilia were left disheartened.

Even if they were able to overcome Goz at this juncture, it only meant that they had defeated an easy opponent, but it did not mean that Subaru and his allies’ ideas would go unchallenged.

Rather, in comparison to Goz, there were more difficult people to convince.

Otto: [I know it sounds callous, but let me say this.]

As soon as Subaru recognized his adversary again, that opponent spoke up as if he had seen it coming.

Beginning to speak in way that gave off naught but a bad premonition, Otto looked between Subaru, who was being grabbed, and at Goz, who was grabbing him, and,

Otto: [As General First-Class Goz says, this is an issue for the Empire. Unlike the necessity of the situation that befell us, to get actively involved from this point on could become an… international incident, interfering in the internal affairs of other countries.]

Subaru: [Guh… Hk.]

Otto: [First of all, why would you want to interfere so badly, Natsuki-san? Whatever the case may be, it is probably due to your obligation to the people you have come to know in the Empire up to this point, or some other such thing, correct?]

Subaru: [Don’t talk like you know what is going on! But anyway, is what I want really so wrong!?]

Otto: [Not wrong, but I also have this to persuade you. ――Well, what I mean is, what if Natsuki-san takes all the people whom he cannot abandon out of the Empire?]

Otto was someone who aimed to solve problems through reason, so displaying that philosophy to the greatest extent, he caused Subaru’s eyes to widen at the outrageous proposal he had just made. As if Goz was just as surprised, he dropped Subaru onto the floor, slipping from his fingers.

Naturally, this also took Emilia by surprise. As she helped Subaru, who had fallen onto his butt on the floor, she looked over, saying, “Otto-kun?”, and,

Emilia: [What do you mean by that? No way, are you really…]

Otto: [There is no twist, that is just what I am proposing. That even in these circumstances, we should perform the reckless action of taking the people who want to come with us. Fortunately, we have the right to make the decision.]

Glancing over, Otto’s gaze turned to Roswaal.

Roswaal was supposedly hiding his identity within the Empire, but it was true that he was the most powerful man in the Emilia Camp. If Otto’s opinion were to be accepted, Roswaal would be the one to guarantee the acceptance of those seeking refuge.

Then, at Otto’s challenging manner, Roswaal shut his yellow eye,

Roswaal: [At the very least, I’m sure my employer wouldn’t refuse. If it keeps them from taking a risk they don’t have to take, then it’s a necessary expense.]

Ram: [Since you’re referring to Barusu, with his immature way of thinking, the majority of the people he’s latched on to are likely those who don’t have the strength to fight. They would not be people that the Empire would regret letting go of.]

While negotiations were happening at a daunting level, Subaru and company were left to the side as they were being talked about.

Neither Roswaal’s overly broad sense of self-preservation, nor Ram’s speculation based on her insight into Subaru’s character, found room to interject, and the conversation proceeded in a muddled manner.

Otto: [What do you think, Your Excellency the Emperor? If we can reduce the number of casualties in your country as much as possible, our proposal is not a bad one, correct?]

Vincent: [――. A very well-thought-out proposal. The kind that is difficult to so easily dismiss.]

Otto: [Thank you for the consideration.]

Abel’s words affirmed that it was a shrewd proposal, and Otto bowed socially. However, for Otto’s part, it would not be surprising if he was imagining himself sticking out his tongue.

The way of the Empire and Otto were incompatible. Not necessarily in terms of ability, but in terms of character.

Like Subaru, it seemed Otto did not like the Empire.

They were of the same opinion on that. The only thing Otto was doing on top of that, was organizing things based on importance.

Subaru: [Guh…]

It felt as if he had gone and fixed a hole on the ship they were meant to ride on his own, but ended up remaking the ship into a different one entirely.

This ship had sailed in a direction different from what Subaru had wished, but it flowed and drifted to protect the lives of Subaru’s precious ones, heading for a different shore.

Subaru knew that this was something that had been thought-out in consideration of him and his companions.

He knew that, and yet.

Otto: [How about it, Natsuki-san, this is the best I can do in terms of compromise and consideration.]

Rather than unsparingly dismissing Subaru’s opinions, Otto attempted to accommodate Subaru’s opinions as much as possible and, at the same time, ensure their safety.

Subaru had thought of him as a reliable guy, but he was far too troublesome an opponent if they happened to have a serious disagreement. He was a man who should have been given a drink and left in a drunken stupor before this discussion had even occurred.

To Otto’s overpowered theoretical armament, how could Subaru, who was armed with only a cypress stick――.

Emilia: [――Hey, Abel, I have something I want to ask you.]

Subaru: [Emilia-tan?]

Suddenly, Emilia, who certainly shared the same opinion as Subaru, while also feeling the same frustration at being pushed around, approached Abel with a remark.

Looking at her profile, Subaru’s eyes widened.

Unlike Subaru, who had been forced into silence, looking frustrated as he tried to find a way out of the situation, neither Emilia’s eyes nor her profile showed signs of being outmatched.

At Emilia’s dignified and brave call, Abel’s sable eyes trained their gaze on her.

Prompted by his silence, Emilia’s thin lips moved,

Emilia: [How many people are there in the Vollachian Empire altogether?]

Vincent: [――. The civil war this month has probably reduced the number considerably, but it was roughly fifty-million or so before that.]

Emilia: [I see.]

With a furrowed brow, Abel answered Emilia’s question. Hearing his answer, Emilia let out a short breath, then raised a finger to her lips and looked at Subaru.

And then――,

Emilia: [You heard him, Subaru.]

Subaru: [――――]

So said Emilia to Subaru.

For a moment, Subaru failed to catch the meaning of the words that she gave him, and then his eyes immediately widened and his cheeks stiffened.

Then, as he hesitated for a moment wondering what he should do with that which prompted such a reaction,

Beatrice: [Subaru, Betty has already voiced her opinion, in fact. But…]

Subaru: [Beatrice…]

Beatrice: [Betty will always be on Subaru’s side, I suppose.]

Holding onto Subaru’s hesitant hand, Beatrice snuggled her body up next to him.

Beatrice was almost the same height as Subaru, and her eyes were even closer than usual; as they stared at him, Subaru took a deep breath in, and exhaled.

Then, still under Emilia’s expecting gaze, Subaru looked at Otto.

Looking up at him, he spoke.

Subaru: [Fifty-million.]

Otto: […What?]

At that blunt statement, Otto asked this back as he raised his shapely eyebrows.

At that reply, Subaru’s chest heaved, his cheeks contorted into a smile, and then he repeated what he had said.

Subaru: [You… told me that earlier. You told me to take all the people that I can’t abandon with me to the Kingdom. In that case! The ones I can’t abandon are those fifty-million people!]

Otto: [――Hk, Natsuki-san!]

Subaru: [I know! You’re the one who’s right! I’m the one who’s spouting nonsense! I understand that everyone came to save me and Rem, and I get what you’re saying! But!]

Subaru thrust his hand out at Otto, who had raised an eyebrow, and while Subaru derided himself, he could not pull his own weight.

There was no way that he could have beaten Otto, Ram, and Roswaal if he had been forced to reason with them. So then, Subaru would do what he could with Emilia and Garfiel on his side.

In other words, when faced with logic, he had become unreasonable with an emotional argument.

Subaru: [It’s one hell of a bad situation! If we leave and the Empire is ruined, then what? Just thinking about it is enough to make me not want to eat!]

Otto: [What about the risk that we will bear? If we save fifty-million strangers but in exchange one of us dies or sustains a wound that cannot be healed, it will be much more painful.]

Subaru: [I’m not gonna let any of us die or get into that kind of trouble. That’s an absolute! That’s an absolute, so what the hell even matters past that?]

Subaru retorted to Otto as he quietly cornered him. Then, he looked not at Otto, but at Roswaal, who was standing off to the side with one eye closed.

Subaru: [Roswaal! You should know. My absolutes, are absolutes.]

Roswaal: […I’m Dudley, Subaru-kun, though it’d be somewhat too dishonest for me to not nod my head to that question, given my high expectations of your absolutes.]

Though a bit of a roundabout way of putting it, Roswaal put his hands up in response to Subaru’s opinion.

Even if he did not know about Return by Death, Roswaal knew of Subaru’s Authority. So, the part of him that had expectations of that Authority, would not allow for Subaru’s mood to be harmed.

In the first place, if he were to fall for Roswaal’s cajolery here, what would become of his Oath from back at the Sanctuary.

Emilia: [Ram, please…]

Ram: […Emily, do you have something to convince Ram, at least?]

Emilia: [I’m just trying to do my best, I just want to help everyone… So, please.]

On the contrary, Emilia took a ridiculously brute-force approach and asked a favor of Ram.

Had Subaru done the same thing, Ram would have mercilessly smacked him with a verbal slap, but she was unable to respond effectively to Emilia’s forcefulness.

Then, Ram let out a small sigh.

Ram: [Ram would have been fine as long as Rem could be brought home. But the way that Rem is now, she’s become so close to the people of the Empire… If that was to be ignored, it would be harmful to Ram’s dignity as an older sister, which she has only now finally realized.]

Emilia: [Ram…!]

Ram: [Stop, it’s irritating.]

Emilia hugged Ram, who had closed her eyes and found her own reason for compromise. Ram responded to Emilia’s embrace with an unpleasant look on her face.

And so, Roswaal and Ram caved in a way that could only have been achieved by some hard work.

However――,

Subaru: [Otto, please…!]

Otto: [Are you going to use the same persuasion by tears as Emily did? Sorry, but I am not like Ram-san. I am not foolish enough to sign a contract when I do not know what the price that I will have to pay is.]

Subaru: [Beako is also begging you…!]

Beatrice: [B-Betty is also begging you, in fact.]

Otto: [Even if you have two or three people, I will not budge.]

Subaru urged Beatrice to join him, but Otto preemptively stopped Emilia, who was hugging Ram, from joining in again.

Otto’s face showed that he was completely determined to not let his decision be swayed by emotion, his stubbornness akin to the difficulty of when Subaru faced off against the maniacally-obsessed Roswaal. However, even if he conveyed that slanderous remark to Otto right now, he would not listen.

Otto: [We would only be taking a risk, there would be no advantages in going along with the thinking of Natsuki-san and the rest of you. You do not even satisfy the conditions to persuade me with tears. Ram-san, and Dudley-san as well, please do not go so easy on them.]

Roswaal: [My my, I’ve been scolded.]

Ram: [For someone of Otto’s social standing, you’re quite impudent.]

Otto spoke sternly, Roswaal shrugged his shoulders, and Ram frowned. But, they did not hold an opinion different from Otto’s, so the two did not argue any further.

In reality, if the fortress known as Otto could not be conquered, they would not be able to push past this situation.

After all, merely imposing circumstances that everyone did not agree on from above, was something that neither Emilia, nor the Emilia Camp, could deem as acceptable.

Then——,

Vincent: [——You said that there would be no advantages. In that case, the conversation would change if there were to be advantages.]

Otto: [————]

It was neither Subaru nor Emilia, but Abel who had interjected.

At the Emperor’s intrusion into the conversation, Otto’s gaze sharpened. Unlike Subaru’s flippant way of talking, Otto turned his disrespectful gaze towards the Emperor.

Otto: [If there is any advantage, that is. What in the world do you intend on? I will say this in advance, there is no possible compensation that could make it worthwhile for us…]

Vincent: [——Towards a Royal Candidate of the Kingdom of Lugunica, I formally request assistance.]

Otto: [——Hk.]

At Abel’s proposition, Otto’s expression tightened, and he made a sound with his throat.

At the same time, several expressions began to violently tremble; quaking even more so than those of Subaru and his companions, were the expressions of those ones on the side of the Empire. Serena laughed at those words, while Berstetz’s slitted eyes widened.

Then, with astonishment plastered on his face, Goz spread out his hands, and, as if it were the very end of the world, he bellowed,

Goz: [Please wait, Your Excellency!! A request for the Kingdom’s assistance… Something like that! Is completely unprecedented for the Sacred Vollachian Empire!!]

Vincent: [What matter is it if there is a precedent or not? If you say that, what precedent is there for an unsightly Emperor to lose the Imperial Capital to such an impudent bunch? Such a foolish fixation.]

Goz: [BUT! The Soldiers and Generals and citizens will lament that you have made a decision not worthy of the Sword Wolf, should you choose to rely on the aid of another nation! I say this respectfully, but a shadow will be cast over the authority of Your Excellency the Emperor!]

Vincent: [A shadow cast over my authority… Such a foolish concern.]

Towards Goz’s loud complaint, Abel shook his head as he supplied that reply.

At this declaration, Goz froze as his eyes widened. Looking back at Goz, Abel called out “Goz Ralfon”, the name of his retainer,

Vincent: [Currently, is hollow authority without any substance what we need? ——That is not so. Right now, the Empire desires to be victorious. To bite off the throats of our enemies, to bathe in their blood, to gorge on their lives. Before any of that, the victory we obtain will be what shapes the Empire’s tomorrow.]

Goz: [Y-Your Excellency…]

Vincent: [Those who sink their fangs in and become a hindrance, they are all enemies of the law of iron and blood imposed by Vincent Vollachia. Answer carefully, Goz Ralfon.]

Goz: [————]

Vincent: [——You, are you my enemy?]

Being inquired so in a quiet tone, Goz’s entire body began to shake.

Showing no signs of his struggle with Subaru back in the cabin, standing upright, there was power in Abel as he displayed his might as Emperor.

There was a dominant power in his gaze, in his voice, and in his very being itself, and Goz had to face that power up close and head-on, all by himself.

Then, after a period of careful contemplation that must have lasted less than five seconds, Goz——,

Goz: [I beg Your Excellency’s pardon for taking up so much of your time. ――The hammer of war which will shatter the many obstacles that stand in your way! Never! Never will I be your enemy!]

Vincent: [If that is the case, then so be it. I am relying on your work. Strive to do better.]

Goz: [Yes, sir!! …Yes, sir!?]

Nodding to Goz’s boisterous answer, Abel responded with his expectation that his subjects should work at their best. After accepting it emphatically, Goz let out a thunderous sound.

Perhaps, the words that Abel had added had caused his surprise.

Goz: [――Hk, I shall give my utmost efforts!]

Pledging himself to Abel again in a trembling voice, while tears streamed down his face, Goz wiped his face with his thick arm.

Looking away from him, Abel glanced at Serena and Berstetz,

Vincent: [You two also have no objections?]

Serena: [No. You have a look that I like, and I now feel more loyalty to His Excellency than ever.]

Berstetz: [No, not even from me. Except that I am more than a little surprised.]

Vincent: [Hmm.]

Serena smiled, and Berstetz once again narrowed his eyes. After letting out a snort at their demeanor, Abel then proceeded to go forward and stand in front of Emilia.

Then, he looked at Emilia, who was blinking her eyes,

Vincent: [You have heard me correctly, Royal Candidate. The Vollachian Empire formally requests the assistance of the Kingdom of Lugunica to put an end to this situation. ――Lend us your strength.]

Emilia: […You know, Abel. I would certainly like to help you, too. But, I reaaally don’t know what you’re talking about with this Royal Candidate  stuff.]

Subaru: [Emilia-tan, no! This is one of those times where you don’t need to keep it secret!]

Emilia: [What!? Are you sure!?]

Appearing truly distressed by Abel’s offer, Emilia widened her eyes.

Both Subaru and Beatrice nodded back at her repeatedly, and Emilia looked at Ram, who was still in her embrace, seeking further confirmation.

Then, Ram shook off Emilia’s arms and pushed her away from her.

Ram: [Yes, of course. ――Do what you wish, Emilia-sama.]

Emilia: [――Ah.]

Once Ram addressed her as “Emilia”, Emilia was surprised as her eyes lit up. She blinked to hide her joy behind her eyelids, then turning to face Abel once again.

As Abel waited for her to resume, a slight frown on his brow, Emilia cleared her throat with an “Ahem”,

Emilia: [I am Emilia, just Emilia. One of the Royal Candidates vying to be the next Monarch of the Kingdom of Lugunica. And one who wants to help the Empire that is currently in danger.]

Vincent: [――. This is a formal request. The Vollachian Empire would never ask for the cooperation of a person from another country, even one in such a position of great responsibility. Therefore, if this fact becomes public, it would serve as a tailwind for you, who is fighting for the throne in the Kingdom…]

Emilia: [Jeez! That kind of stuff can wait! What I want to do now is this!]

Abel attempted to lay out some solid logic, yet Emilia puffed out her cheeks. With that cute puffed-up face, Emilia presented her hand to Abel.

Slowly lowering her lifted hand, Emilia offered it to Abel,

Emilia: [Allow us to help your Empire.]

In the end, it conversely seemed as if Emilia was the one who had broached the subject. Looking down at Emilia’s outstretched hand, Abel glanced toward Subaru for a moment.

Subaru smiled and nodded with a wicked look on his face at the faint bewilderment arising in Abel’s black eyes.

Subaru: [By all means, Your Excellency the Emperor. I will permit you to hold my Emilia-tan’s hand.]

Emilia: [And that’s why I say Subaru is mine.]

Emilia wryly responded to Subaru’s light-hearted comment, to which Abel closed one eye and sighed.

Then, his hand slowly grasped Emilia’s proffered hand,

Vincent: [――Very well. I shall accept your aid.]

Again, in the end, this was a very Abel-like thing to say, in establishing cooperation between the two countries.

△▼△▼△▼△

――And thus Emilia and Abel shook hands, and an historical moment between the Kingdom of Lugunica and the Vollachian Empire was engraved.

Subaru: [Umm, Otto-san, any opinions on something of that sort…?]

That event with the Subaru and Emilia party and the Abel plus Empire party had come to a climax, their exchange ultimately reaching a handshake, yet Otto, the one who had first suggested something of the sort to begin with, had been left by the wayside.

A compromise with Roswaal and Ram had been found, but since Otto, for whom that had not been that case, had been left behind as the matter progressed, Subaru had been filled with trepidation.

Since he was aware that he had been way out of line, he subconsciously asked Otto for his opinion, buttering him up with formal language and a polite demeanor.

Otto: [――――]

And to that inquiry posed timidly by Subaru, Otto went without replying.

Too scared to look at Otto’s face, Subaru found being answered with silence greatly troubling. Thoughtlessly, he hugged Beatrice to his side, their cheeks coming into contact,

Subaru: [W-what should I do, Beako… Otto won’t talk to me…]

Beatrice: [Betty understands that feeling, I suppose. From Otto’s perspective, he must feel like you’ve played him for a complete fool, in fact. You ruined his idea, and made him look like a complete clown, I suppose.]

Subaru: [A clown, even if he doesn’t resemble Roswaal that much…]

Beatrice: [Stop it, in fact! An insult that massive will only make him angrier and angrier, I suppose!]

Flustered and panicked, Subaru and Beatrice fumbled for a way to break the impasse, together.

He wished to make amends for making Otto lose face, but just what should he do?

Subaru: [Shall I give you a foot or a shoulder massage…?]

Beatrice: [It’s like, you’re apologizing for angering your parents, in fact…]

Subaru: [Because I can’t think of anything else! Otto, I’m begging you… Hk!]

With Subaru unable to come up with a decent enough proposal, Otto, having stood in silence until then before the former, abruptly pulled a chair, then sat down on it with a plop.

Surprised by that sudden action, Subaru and Beatrice jumped back while still embracing one another. Certainly it was not that he had sat on the chair to have Subaru give him a shoulder massage.

And, before the panicky duo of Subaru and Beatrice, Otto brought a hand to his forehead――,

Otto: […Well, have you calmed down and settled for my desired compromise?]

Subaru: [Eh…?]

Letting out a long and deep breath, Otto massaged the skin around his eyes. Taking in the words he had declared, Subaru was left stumped, and blinking his eyes alongside a “No way”, he spoke.

Subaru: [No way you thought this would happen from the beginning…]

Otto: [I did not think it would turn out this way, but I was eager to do something this big. Because, I did not know just how many concessions Emperor Vincent would present. But, since you and Emilia-sama would not change your opinions anyway, Natsuki-san, I needed to devise some compromises.]

Subaru: [Ah, oh, uh, eh, ah, oh, uh…]

Faced with that nonchalant response of Otto’s, Subaru’s mouth was left agape. In disbelief, Subaru turned around; however, his eyes met those of Roswaal and Ram.

Then, those two also wore looks on their faces that said that for the most part, they had generally understood everything.

Subaru: [You guys, you guys, are SCARYYYYYY――!!]

Otto: [How upsetting! First and foremost, it only happened because you guys were so stubborn, Natsuki-san!]

Subaru: [Uwaaah, I can’t trust anyone besides Beako and Emilia-tan anymore… And Rem! And Louis! And Tanza and everyone from the Battalion, and Flop-san and Medium-san, and Mizelda-san and the People of Shudraq!]

Beatrice: [There were still a lot more, I suppose!]

While squeezing Beatrice tight in a hug, Subaru could not help but feel fear towards the meticulous mental preparation of Otto and the others of the brainiac squad. Perhaps Abel had paid some extent of heed to their plans, but even so.

Subaru: [No, scary scary, I really can’t handle this. From now on, I’ll be taking the emotional approach.]

Beatrice: [Betty does not understand that conclusion, but she thinks it would be better if Subaru took a route in which he was honest with himself, in fact. If that route is the emotional one, then Betty likes it, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Yeah, I love you too. Geez, really――]

Finally, the shock of the Otto from earlier began to wear off, and Subaru was relieved.

And, it happened just as his feelings were simmering down with that exchange.

――Unexpectedly, the clapping of hands rang out within the cabin.

???: [――Deary me, feels like I’ve just stumbled upon somethin’ incredibly delightful. So darn amazin’, it’s quite a big deal.]

Loud applause had been produced, and reflexively turning around as to see who had clapped their hands, Subaru held his breath upon spotting an unknown figure present.

In a corner of the cabin, where no one had been, a tall figure now stood before anyone had been able to notice. Clapping their hands together, that person had been watching the exchange taking place until then.

――Without anyone in the cabin having noticed their presence.

Goz: [Who are you!? How in the world did you get here…!?!?]

???: [Ah, darn. Well, I accidentally clapped even tho’ no one called for me. This won’t do, this won’t do, it’s a bad habit of mine ta give unconscious praise ta any praiseworthy children that I find.]

That instant, protecting Emilia and Abel behind him, Goz adopted a fighting stance.

And before Goz, his expression having become bloodcurdling, that person kept their indifferent attitude, as if everything were unrelated to them, biting the golden kiseru they had retrieved from a pocket, donning a shrewd smile.

That figure already was terribly out-of-place, and even more conspicuous was their outward appearance.

Nearly two meters tall and sporting black body hair, their blank, smiling countenance had some charm to it, and alongside their unkempt fur, they gave off the impression of a gentle black dogperson.

Dressed in a kimono and biting on a kiseru , having appeared unnoticed in the coupled dragon carriages where many key figures of the Empire had assembled, that existence naturally attracted the attention of all those present.

???: [My my, y’all do seem ta be quite curious ‘bout me, don’t’cha?]

Emilia: [Who are you? Why did you come here?]

While turning their gaze, the dogperson scratched their head with their finger. And Emilia, protected by Goz’s back, inquired so of the dogperson.

In response to that query, the dogperson tilted their head. The shape of their mouth, lined with fangs, broke into a smile, and thus spoke.

???: [Well, name’s Halibel, mind if I pop in ta give ya a quick howdy?] Thus he declared.

--- Chapter 15: Admiration ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Speaking in a carefree tone, the beastman scratched his head, giving a large grin as he gnawed on his golden kiseru .

He had moderately long black fur and a countenance that gave off quite the affable air. Neither did his gentle way of speaking feel like it contained any malevolence, nor did his relaxed posture seem to harbor any sense of wariness as he stood.

Never mind the fact that among these coupled dragon carriages, in a cabin where a conference between important figures from both the Kingdom and Empire was taking place, nobody among those powerful individuals included had noticed his presence.

Goz: [Halibel, you say…?]

Indeed, with shivers of fear mixed into his stern voice as he muttered thus, Goz had been the one to issue the strongest level of vigilance towards that presence as he protected both his lord and his new ally behind him.

He himself was one of the Nine Divine Generals, a military man whose name was among those of the strongest rank within this Empire riddled with warriors, that of General First-Class. That very Goz had not perceived the invisibility of the beastman who now stood before his eyes.

But, that fact alone was not the entire reason for the stiffness of his voice.

Vincent: [――The Admirer, hm? What business does the cornerstone of the City-States have here?]

Shielded by Goz’s back, staring beyond that large body and fixing his eyes on the beastman―― on Halibel, Abel inquired so.

Perhaps that which he had uttered prior to his question was the well-known alias of this dogperson. For some reason, Subaru felt like he had heard it somewhere before, and in his surprise, he fumbled around for it within his box of stirred-up memories.

Thereupon, as Subaru knit his brows, Halibel, displaying his smile, shifted his thin eyes towards him.

Halibel: [If ya hafta think ’bout it that hard, then the name ain’t too much of a big deal. Well, that’s just what they be callin’ me since I like ta give lotsa praise, and somethin’ like the “cornerstone” can be chalked up ta ‘em overestimatin’ me.]

Subaru: [Overestimating…]

Halibel: [Yepyep. It’s just ‘cause in Kararagi, there ain’t nobody stronger than I am.]

Halibel gave his response in a calm manner, as if he were simply discussing the weather.

Subaru gazed in wonder at those words of his; the instant his mind processed the word “Kararagi”, that which he had been stuck on just a moment ago was suddenly ignited with understanding.

The Admirer of the Kararagi City-States, the meaning of that nickname was――,

Goz: [The strongest shinobi of the Kararagi City-States! For what reason have you boarded this dragon carriage!?!?]

The next moment, stepping down on the floor of the dragon carriage with enough force to cause an explosion, Goz thrust his weapon, his mace, towards Halibel as the latter stood still.

Goz’s weapon was a mace of peculiar shape, something like a long spear with a spiked orb attached to its tip in order to strike. It was similar to the morning star Rem had once favored, but its size and weight were overwhelmingly disposed towards an item that belonged to Goz.

Anyhow, upon the sudden appearance of the City-States’s strongest, the Empire’s military man took the stance of thrusting his weapon forth.

Perhaps it may have seemed that at this rate, things would be plunged into an explosive situation.

However――,

Halibel: [I was the one who caused all this stir, so maybe it ain’t my place ta be sayin’ this, but come on now, can’t we all just sit ‘round and chat without gettin’ all fired up?]

Goz: [Ngh, guh…!]

Nimbly tilting his head as the mace was thrust towards him, Halibel began to speak. Goz’s face stiffened upon hearing Halibel’s words, and the arm into which he had funneled power trembled.

Against the edge of the golden mace wielded by Goz, Halibel held his kiseru of similar golden hue. With just that, Goz’s weapon became unable to make even the slightest of movements.

Goz: [――――]

Likely, Halibel had exquisitely controlled the balance of the power he put into the kiseru , suppressing Goz’s mace from moving up, down, left, right, and of course, from thrusting forward.

No matter how Goz tried to move his weapon, the kiseru would apply pressure from the opposite side to prevent it from moving. It was not simply brute strength; rather, it was the utmost pinnacle of technique to perfectly control the flow of his strength.

Goz: [You… Hk!]

Goz’s face reddened, the sound of his grinding teeth could be heard reverberating throughout the cabin. But, even when compared to Goz’s teeth grinding, the series of deeds Halibel was carrying out was far too quiet.

At that point in time, the existence known as Halibel was wrapping up his evaluation of this place.

Vincent: [Cease this, Goz. Besides, had he the intention to harm us, he would have lopped off the heads of everyone here long before making his presence known through the likes of applause.]

Emilia: [Since you didn’t do that, that means you’re not our enemy… right?]

Witnessing Goz and Halibel’s quiet offense and defense, both Abel and Emilia interjected.

Just as both had said, in reality, if Halibel had felt like it, it would not have been strange for everyone inside the carriage to have been killed before they had even become aware of his presence.

With that pointed out, Halibel’s large mouth relaxed into the shape of a smile, and,

Halibel: [Yepyep, I’m delighted that yer able ta understand. Emperor-san aside, a half-devil child bein’ so upfront, ya must be quite the good lassie. Even tho’ yer hated by others just like I am, you’ve been raised ta be honest… yer folks must’ve been quite the admirable people.]

Emilia: [Thank you. I also think that I’m quite fortunate to have been raised by Puck, Mother, and Juice.] [1]

As Emilia placed her hand upon her chest and spoke her thanks, Halibel nodded and retracted his kiseru . That instant, Goz’s specialized weapon was released, but he did not do anything reckless such as swinging back at Halibel after.

Although he was frustrated, Goz kept firm vigilance on Halibel, and,

Goz: [If you go against those previous words, I will defeat you, even if it costs me my own life. Remember that.]

Halibel: [I ain’t gonna do such a thing, really, I ain’t. Lookie here, I’m sittin’ all nice and well-behaved after all.]

Waving his hands about, Halibel pulled up a chair next to him with his tail, and then hugged one of his knees as he sat down for a bit.

He was someone around as tall as Goz, but when he curled up his slim figure like that, his impression of being a large breed of dog became stronger. It did not seem like his statement about good behavior was sarcastic.

Roswaal: [Be that as it may, I did not expect Kararagi to intervene heeere~. Even if not to the same extent as the Kingdom and Empire, I haven’t heard that the City-States ever got along well with the Empire. Much less, when considering the matter of your officially disclosed position, in particular.]

Halibel: [Oh, do y’all know ‘bout me? Gosh, it’s embarrassin’ since it kinda feels like I’m a celebrity somehow.]

Subaru: [Roswaal, when you say that person’s “officially disclosed position”…]

Ram: [Barusu is as ignorant as he appears, so Ram will inform him. The Admirer, Halibel, is a wolfperson.]

A wolfperson ; upon receiving that information from Ram, for an instant, Subaru’s heart and body trembled.

However, that was not in response to Halibel, who was in front of him; rather, the reason for his trembling was a separate matter. That which Ram had informed him of in itself did not really help Subaru to suddenly understand anything, either.

But, without paying heed to Subaru’s lack of understanding, the conversation continued as common sense would have it.

Vincent: [You ought to be aware of the Empire’s attitude regarding wolfpeople. To then cross the border and set foot in here, you truly appear to be considerably reckless.]

Halibel: [‘Course I knew that, tho’ I ain’t got all too good a feelin’ ‘bout it. But, y’all should also know the reason I ain’t hidin’ the fact I’m a wolfperson’s ‘cause nobody’s able ta kill me. From the looks of it, seems like Cecilus ain’t here either.]

Subaru: [――! Hey, do you know about Ceci?]

Halibel: [Hm? Oh, I do know him, yeah? After all, he came ta try ‘n kill me once. Tho’ for some reason, after throwin’ down for a bit, he said somethin’ like “Seems like the conclusion shall not be now!” ‘n he went back home.]

Though the topic of the conversation had deviated from the matter of wolfpeople, Halibel answered Subaru’s question without modesty.

It was an unexpected response, and an unexpected point of contact. Cecilus and Halibel had once fought in a death battle, and judging from the current conversation, it seemed like Cecilus had been the one to pick the fight, but that was also easy to believe.

Moreover――,

Berstetz: [In the Vollachian Empire, which exemplifies its resolute stance towards wolfpeople, appears the most well-known, most powerful individual from the Kararagi City-States. In addition, he has discourteously done so inside the very cabin where His Excellency Vincent is present.]

Serena: [If I may add, he has grasped the contents of an important conference between our country and the Kingdom. Oh my, is this not a situation that warrants a decapitation, even if it means kindling the Blue Lightning?]

Roswaal: […Serena, could you not put everyone currently present in danger with your poor tastes?]

Taking advantage of Berstetz’s summary of the situation, Serena appended good humor onto her dangerous opinion. The extremity of her words was to the extent that Roswaal cast a warning true to his feelings on reflex.

With that, the initial surprise and fervor from Halibel’s sudden appearance had more or less faded, and the original question was then returned to.

Vincent: [There shan’t be a third time. On what business have you come, Admirer?]

Regardless of whether Halibel was intimidated by the armed might of those present or not, the word “flattery” would not exist in Abel’s lexicon. Witnessing the owner of a dictionary who had intentionally blotted out all words of humility and modesty, Subaru gulped as he wondered how Halibel would respond.

But, contrary to the rising tension, Halibel remained seated as he rested his chin upon his hands on the table, and,

Halibel: [There ain’t no need ta be so tense, I said what I came to do right back at the start, didn’t I? That I was just wonderin’ if it woulda been okay for me ta pop in ta give a quick howdy.]

Subaru: [By that “howdy”, do you actually mean something like ripping out all of our hearts instead of actually greeting us…?]

Halibel: [Zoinks! Ya sure think up some frightenin’ stuff kid, now don’t’cha? I wouldn’t do such a thing.]

Beatrice: [In that case, you’re saying that your objective really was to just say your greetings and make your appearance, I suppose?]

Halibel: [That’s right?]

Protesting Subaru as he fearfully tried to probe into the shinobi-style of greetings, Halibel also gave an indifferent reply to Beatrice’s question after she had continued for Subaru.

Having come this far, it truly seemed like Halibel had no intentions of engaging in violence.

Otto: [In the first place, he is someone who can kill us without needing to take roundabout means. Would it not be in bad taste to do something like taking our lives after toying with us up until here?]

Subaru: [I was also scared, but you shouldn’t pull that kind of opinion out of people… But, if that’s so…]

Emilia: [ If that’s so ? Did you think of something, Subaru?]

Gulping down his saliva, Subaru had imagined something frightening upon understanding Halibel’s attitude.

Having been questioned about that by Emilia, assuming his mental image of Halibel’s character was as the person himself had answered――,

Subaru: [If both Reinhard and this person are truly upright, then that predicament with Ceci was…]

Vincent: [Cease this, Natsuki Subaru. Your cooperation may have been requested, but I have no memory of permitting you to investigate our country’s scandals.]

Berstetz: [Scandals… Personally, I would be unable to list all of the cases with General First-Class Cecilus, either.]

Regarding the matter of Cecilus’s humanity, not only Subaru and Abel, but even Berstetz, all saw eye-to-eye. Although he was not present here, Cecilus was being spoken of disparagingly; but most likely, if he was here, Subaru had confidence the same things would still be said about him.

In reality, it was very Subaru-like to have the fantasy that the strong would show appropriate behavior, so in that respect, the conduct of Reinhard and Halibel was ideal for him.

On the other hand, he also believed that if Cecilus had not been present on the Gladiator Island, things would not have gone so well, so it was a tale of how everything has its pros and cons.

Emilia: [So? In the end, what was the objective of your greeting? This dragon carriage is going north, but the Kararagi border is still further ahead… That shouldn’t be enough to incur your caution, right?]

Halibel: [Hmm~, it’d probably be a whole lot faster if ya ask my employer ‘bout that instead of me. Things’ve gotten a lil’ complicated since I messed up by carelessly clappin’ my hands… Ah, seems like it should be any time now, tho’.]

Emilia: [Any time now…]

Halibel’s eyes had looked pleased with a hint of embarrassment; however, upon realizing something, he lifted his face, and drawn in by that, Subaru followed his gaze.

His wolfen face had turned towards the door connecting to the adjoined carriage. Exactly one beat later, someone knocked on the door from the other side.

???: [――Excuse me for interrupting the meeting. There is something I need to report.]

With that, a voice that he had heard before declared thus, and Abel silently commanded him to “Enter”. The door opened, and in came the figure of a small man with fluffy hair.

The instant that Subaru saw him, his eyes widened.

Subaru: [Zikr-san! Thank goodness, you’re alright!]

Zikr: [Indeed, there is no need to worry. It is most wonderful that you are also safe and sound, Miss Natsumi.]

Subaru: [To still refer to me like that even when I’m in this form…]

Both when they had met and when they had parted, the man had given a smile to the cross-dressing Subaru, and upon seeing the Imperial General Second-Class Zikr Osman alive and well, Subaru patted his chest in relief.

Then, Zikr’s smiling expression tightened up, and,

Zikr: [Your Excellency, there is something I must report… But, that individual over there…]

Vincent: [Ignore him for the time being. Likely, he is not unrelated to your report.]

Abel was unkind to Zikr’s concern about the presence of Halibel, present in the corner of the cabin. But, Zikr was accustomed to the Emperor’s suppression of words, and nodding with a “Yessir”,

Zikr: [High Countess Dracroy’s flying dragon ship has returned. With them were brought leading figures from the Fortified City of Garkla, as well as visitors from the City-States.]

Vincent: [――Visitors from the City-States.]

Abel muttered thus as he directed his sable eyes towards Halibel.

Since the destination of these coupled dragon carriages was the Fortified City of Garkla, it was natural that the relevant people there had come to this place via flying dragons. If they were accompanied by people from Kararagi at the same time, it would likely be impossible for that to be unrelated to Halibel.

In other words――,

Emilia: [Halibel-san, did you come ahead of those people?]

Halibel: [Well, I ain’t too good with heights.]

Regardless of whether his cute words were meant to be a direct answer or not, Halibel had affirmed that the information Zikr had brought was connected to himself.

Even if Subaru could understand that Halibel was bad with heights and hence had not boarded the flying dragon ship, he felt like he could not understand how Halibel was then able to arrive faster than the flying dragon ship; but there was no point in saying something like that to the superhumans of this world. Even Cecilus could run faster than something flying in the air, so it was kind of the same thing.

In any case――,

Serena: [They even took the trouble of getting on my flying dragon ship. Then, shall we be expecting some very influential people to come bringing some very important things to say?]

Zikr: [At the very least, the pretty visitor said so herself.]

Vincent: [Judging from how you speak, it is a woman?]

Zikr’s report was easy to understand, that a woman had come from the Kararagi City-States.

Subaru tilted his head in puzzlement at the matter, but for some reason, his friends reacted differently. Beatrice tightened her grip on his hand, looked over towards Emilia, and,

Beatrice: [Emilia, it’s the subject of visitors from Kararagi, in fact.]

Emilia: [Yes, indeed. Perhaps, that could be――]

Subaru: [Eh? Eh? Do you two happen to…]

Know something? It happened right as Subaru had tried to finish his question.

???: [――Somehow, even tho’ people’ve gone thro’ the hardships of hurryin’ all the way ta the Empire, aren’t’cha sayin’ some rather heartless things, Natsuki-kun?]

Subaru: [――――]

Unexpectedly, a voice interrupted, its elegant timbre coming from behind Zikr.

It seemed like that visitor was waiting on the coupler of the adjoined carriage, but they must have had quite the sharp ears in order to participate in this conversation. But, he was satisfied with those sharp ears.

After all, merchants were people who always had to be straining their ears for chances to make profits.

Berstetz: [Your Excellency, what shall be done?]

Upon the reality that that voice had heard the matters being discussed, Berstetz asked for Abel’s opinion. At that question, Abel glanced towards Subaru, and ascertained his expression.

Then, Abel looked towards the door from which the voice had been heard,

Vincent: [Somehow, it seems that you are not merely a boorish and presumptuous fellow. Present yourself.]

Visitor: [Then I ain’t gonna refrain from that.]

Gaining the permission of the Emperor, the owner of the voice gently responded. And, before anyone could notice, Halibel, standing upright next to the door, opened the door of the carriage with his hand, showing the visitor inside.

Seeing Halibel’s consideration, the person, now visible, smiled with a “Thanks”, and then――,

Visitor: [Been quite a while since we last came face-to-face, but I’m real glad ta see yer doin’ well.]

Subaru: [Oh…]

Visitor: [Even so, Emilia-san and the rest of y’all are quite the experts at happenin’ across troublesome situations. Looks like yer gonna need our strength yet again.]

With an informal tone and wearing a smile, and having given a merciless evaluation, with her light purple hair all tied up, and her arms through the sleeves of her kimono , it was a woman clad in a fox-scarf―― Anastasia Hoshin.

By her side followed her attendant, a young man dressed in Japanese-style clothing.

Subaru: [Anastasia-san and… Julius!?]

Two people who he had never thought he would meet here, Subaru was taken aback upon seeing them.

Upon Subaru’s upset voice, Anastasia placed her hand over her mouth and smiled, and the young man whose name had been called out―― Julius, traced the fierce scar underneath his left eye with his finger, and looked at Subaru.

And then――,

Julius: [――I had wanted to say that I am glad for your safety, but why is there always something up with you?]

Subaru: [Don’t say stuff like I’m always causing trouble on the level of turning small!!]

Upon their reunion, instead of joy, it was an angry voice that had erupted.

△▼△▼△▼△

As all strength vanished from his knees, he fell forward and collapsed onto the ravaged plain.

Lacking even the willpower to support his body, the ground mercilessly crashed into his face. He felt the pain of his nose being crushed as blood flowed out from his busted lips.

Taking that blood upon his tongue, the bone-dry interior of his mouth was ever-so-slightly moistened.

???: [――――]

Not even the slightest bit of strength remained in any part of his body.

If he had lost all willpower, then his physical strength would not take long to vanish entirely, either. And now that both had completely run out, he would probably rot away and die upon the very spot on which he had collapsed.

Absolutely everything, absolutely anything and everything, had been in vain.

The things that he had tried to do, the things that he had been enraged that he needed to do, the things that he had continued to do purely out of habit, absolutely all of it had been in vain.

In the end, he could not possibly be anything other than himself. The thing called hell, was something that existed within him.

In that case, there was no way that he could ever escape it. There was nobody who could escape it. Nobody could escape from the hell bearing the name of oneself.

???: [God… damnit…]

Vexation leaked out in a parched voice from his lips.

At this point, not even tears would well up anymore. Neither did he have the passion, nor the qualifications for such a thing.

Everything was so damn bizarre. It was not a place that he could reach. Reaching out toward a place he could not reach, that had been the biggest mistake of his life; and yet, he had done the exact same thing again.

There had been no introspection. That was why he could do nothing but regret.

There was no chance that he would ever be able to like somebody like himself, so he could do nothing but hate who he was, until finally, he grew to utterly loathe his very being.

He was not even able to continue to love those whom he loved. Enough already; failures who were as fucking worthless as himself should just hurry up and――.

???: [――Oh? Thought I’d just strip all the possessions off a dead body, but to think ya still got some breath in ya. That deserves a bravo, bravo.]

Suddenly, above the head of the collapsed body, somebody’s voice could be heard.

His body lacked the energy to make even the slightest of movements, but the owner of that voice reached out their hand and rolled him over. Instantly, his vision was plunged into the glare of the clear blue sky, and he groaned with a “Urhhh”.

The tears that had not emerged from his disgrace and repentance, now gradually began to well up.

That was overwhelmingly frustrating.

Absolutely everything, every last inch of this body, would they really only function for the sake of himself, and nothing else?

Stranger: [Are ya frustrated about something, Mister Collapsed? Buddy, with yer whole body still alive and well, it’ll take nothing more than a blink of an eye.]

???: [To think… I’m still alive…]

Stranger: [Woah there, so it’s the type it’s gotten fed up with living? My my… as far as I’m aware, there’s only one way to fight off that kinda gloomy thought.]

???: [――――]

He felt the owner of the voice give a smile, and their upside-down face cut into the clear blue sky reflected in his own vision. He had a hard time seeing the face due to the glare from behind, but he understood that the person was smiling with a broad grin on their face.

Although, that grin was not something that was ridiculing him, and therefore he was unable to comprehend the reason behind that smile.

However――,

???: [What… are we going to do?]

If he could not find the answer within himself, he would inquire about the thoughts of the person who was incomprehensible to him.

At the very least, while cursing himself for still wanting to be saved, he inquired to see if he could hear an answer that was much more respectable than he was.

Hearing that question, the person deepened their smile as if to say he had hit the nail right on the head, and then,

Stranger: [Ain’t it obvious? ――We’re off to drink tons of booze, enough that we could bathe in it.]

Right after answering, the person grabbed him by the collar, and began dragging him along through sheer force. A man, stretching out both of his legs, quickly moved across the wasteland.

Using the fact that he was unable to resist as an excuse, the man hummed and sang while he pulled him along, and,

Stranger: [I’m Rowan, the stingy ronin . What about you, buddy?]

???: [――――]

Rowan: [Buddy, you’ve gotta at least have a name, right? It ain’t gonna get any worse even if ya tell me.]

Easygoing and over-familiar, witnessing the attitude of the man who gave his name as Rowan, he took a long breath.

He had no obligation to answer, but neither did he have any special reason not to answer. A man, while thinking that he no longer cared about what became of himself――,

???: […It’s Heinkel.]

Thus, with neither of them realizing the position of the other, Heinkel Astrea gave his name.

He could not have known. ――That coincidence and predestination were some old tricks that fate always liked to make use of.

Translation notes:

[1] – You may be wondering, considering Petelgeuse is translated as it is, why is the nickname used by Fortuna, Emilia, Beatrice and Echidna translated as “Juice” and not “Geuse”? That would be because there is an intentional difference in the Japanese. The “Geuse” in Petelgeuse is written “ギウス”, whereas the nickname translated as “Juice” is written “ジュース”, which also happens to be the transliteration of the English word “juice”.

--- Chapter 16: The Undead Cataclysm ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Pale skin drained of complexion, and golden irises housed in the center of dark eyeballs.

With the sudden appearance of undead forces, both the Imperial Army and the Rebel Army had been doused with literal cold water as they fought a battle for the Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

Before anyone could notice, the battle between the living vying for control of the Empire had transformed into a struggle for existence between the living and the dead, and it was becoming increasingly severe.

???: [URAAAAAAH――!!]

Raising a loud voice, he brandished his two-handed sword and slammed it into the enemy in front of him.

In an attempt to block the strike, the enemy raised a battered sword that they had picked up from somewhere, but that blow smashed the brittle sword nevertheless, cleaving straight into the enemy’s skull.

Their cranium shattered, and yet what followed was not a spectacular scene of blood and brain matter spewing out, but a scene of fragments scattering about, as if a ceramic pot were smashed; an utterly unthinkable way for a human to die.

The things were not only inhuman in appearance, but even the way they died ran contrary to the path of humanity.

As somebody who lived in the Empire, there were opportunities to lay eyes upon races that possessed extravagant features in their appearance, but even if it was an opponent with a different number of arms or eyes, the way they died would remain constant.

It was only logical that those with life should experience their lives come to an end in a manner befitting that quality.

But, these undead did not have that. Perhaps that was why he still felt such a strong repugnance towards them.

Even in the Empire, where life was even said to be cheap compared to other countries, they did not trample upon life itself in the way these undead did.

General: [Keep the front lines at bay! Let His Excellency the Emperor and the civilians escape!]

Soldiers: [OHHHHHH――!!]

When one of the Generals shouted a command, the soldiers around him roared as if they were in a fever.

As a result of the undead forces, the rampage of the Cloud Dragon, and the bulwark of the reservoir in the northern part of the Imperial Capital approaching destruction, His Excellency the Emperor made the decision to abandon the Imperial Capital, and withdraw all troops.

The Imperial Army united all of its efforts to assist in the evacuation of the Emperor and the citizens of the Imperial Capital. Ironically, with the advent of this third faction, the battle against the Rebel Army had gone undecided. No distinction remained between the regular army and rebels, and with the living and the dead divided into friend and foe, the fierce battle raged on.

Just now, the Imperial Soldier who had just destroyed a single undead was one who held their ground. He and the soldiers around him were fighting with all their might to stop as many of the undead as possible, even if only one, and see if they could take them down to meet death together.

Soldier: [No idea what those things are. But…]

Soldier: [If it is His Excellency the Emperor!]

Soldier: [He will absolutely find a way to eradicate you lot!]

No matter who the enemy may be, their faith in the apex of the Empire, Vincent Vollachia, would never waver. That was the greatest reason why the soldiers were able to hold their ground without a hint of fear.

Vincent had continued to deliver results. The amount of spilled blood and piled up corpses of Vincent’s enemies was the foundation of the Imperial Soldiers’ faith in him.

Considering the absoluteness of his reign, his fighting spirit was of a different purity from that of those who so casually plotted insurrection.

And thus, his fighting spirit directed towards the undead shaking the Empire was precisely the same.

General: [――Hk! All troops, bring that one down!]

The General cried out once more in response to the onslaught of an undead with a massive body.

A bald undead of large build swung their arms about, and the Imperial Soldiers who stood in their path were blown away like scraps of paper. If they were to permit the large undead to do as it pleased, a hole would open in the front lines, and the defensive position they had gone through so much trouble to form would likely crumble.

In order to stop it, the soldiers obeyed the General’s order and leaped towards the huge body at once.

Soldier: [Uu, OOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH!]

The soldier who leaped first was struck, crushing his head; evading that carcass as it flew towards him, one Imperial Soldier kept close to the ground as he slashed at the legs of the huge undead.

The attack connected, and his opponent’s stance collapsed. But, having perpetrated such an impudent act, the Imperial Soldier’s eyes met golden irises looking down on him, and witnessed the dim gleam of a sword that had been plucked off somebody else.

Just before he was impaled by its tip, the figure of a person wedged their way in front of the Imperial Soldier.

General: [ Finishhhh… iiiit… hk ]

Pierced through the chest, the General cried out as blood frothed at his mouth.

Shielded by the General, the Imperial Soldier gulped down, and immediately jumped out from behind the General’s back; swinging his sword with all his might, he smashed the gigantic undead’s head in.

The sword broke in half upon impact, but without any counterattack, the large undead’s whole body shattered.

And so, just as the General collapsed to the ground on his back, the large undead was struck down.

His chest pierced, the General had met his end, and as the Imperial Soldier admired that bravery, he borrowed a replacement for his broken sword from the General’s hand.

Then, twisting his head around, he tried to search for the next enemy――,

Imperial Soldier: [Fucking hell…]

The Imperial Soldier muttered, his cheeks contorting as he lowered the helmet he was wearing with his fingers.

Having just evaded death, the Imperial Soldier looked as the next undead entered his field of vision―― The General who had just died protecting him, his same equipment and face were worn by it.

The corpse of the General was lying beside him, and he himself was gripping the General’s sword.

And yet, standing in front of him with a pale face and golden eyes, was that very same General.

Imperial Soldier: [Fucking hell.]

A battlefield where even one’s comrades-in-arms could become undead, turning into enemies as soon as they died.

Upon these flooded lands which he wanted to curse, where death was near certain, the Imperial Soldier raised his sword, and continued to fight until his life no longer allowed.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The coupled dragon carriage retreated from the Imperial Capital of Lupugana and headed towards the Fortified City of Garkla.

The historical alliance formed between the Emilia camp and the Vollachian Empire’s leadership within that carriage had unexpectedly encountered interference in an unforeseen manner.

Although, as for the cause of that interference――,

Anastasia: [What’s wrong? Even tho’ we were so worried about Natsuki-kun… it’s distressin’ to see ya lookin’ at us like we’re uninvited guests.]

Subaru: [I’m not making such a face! I’m happy that we were able to meet properly. It goes without saying for Anastasia-san, but even if it’s Julius with his stern expression, I’m glad about both.]

Anastasia: [Well, it ain’t exactly a stern expression, but it’s all ‘cause of yer appearance.]

And so, the two people, Julius and Anastasia, who had suddenly boarded the interconnected dragon carriage, looked down at the shrunken Subaru from head to toe with keen interest.

Naturally, for Subaru, encountering the two of them there was like a bolt from the blue.

The level of surprise was comparable to when Priscilla had suddenly descended from the sky in the Fortress City.

However, why those two had ended up in the Vollachian Empire, Subaru did not consider himself so naive as to be unable to guess the reason.

Subaru: [Even so, I understand that Emilia-tan and the others were looking for us, but for Anastasia-san and Julius… to go out of your way through Kararagi just for me?]

Anastasia: [Yep, exactly. Was a grand adventure, traversin’ through three countries. Crossin’ the border to Vollachia ain’t somethin’ that can be done easily, and the journey was quite costly, to say the least.]

Subaru: [Urk.]

Anastasia: [I hate to come across as countin’ every penny, but I’d be happy if ya won’t forget about the costs we broke our backs for.]

Being sent to the Empire was beyond Subaru’s control, but when he heard about the concerns that were expressed for him, his heart felt heavy. Under Anastasia’s gaze and words, it seemed like Subaru was about to be burdened with a tremendous debt of gratitude.

However, at that moment, a voice calling her “Ana” could be heard near Anastasia’s neck,

???: [You shouldn’t bully Natsuki-kun recklessly. Considering his current appearance, no matter how you look at it, Ana, you seem like the villain bullying a child.]

Subaru: [Ah…]

When Subaru raised his eyebrows at that voice, the other party responded by wagging a white tail.

It was the fox scarf that Anastasia, who was dressed in a kimono , had draped over her shoulders. In other words, it was Echidna, the Artificial Spirit, whom Anastasia was carrying with her.

Unlike the Witch with the same name, Subaru had a recognition of Echidna as a companion whom he had gone through the ordeal of the Pleiades Watchtower together with. Hearing her voice, Subaru also felt relieved and at ease.

With this, among the companions who had gotten separated in the Pleiades Watchtower, once Subaru showed his face to Patrasche, who was outside, only Meili would have yet to see that he was safe.

Anyway――,

Emilia: [Anastasia-san! Julius, too, you made it to Vollachia safely!]

Anastasia: [I’m relieved that Emilia-san ‘n the others are safe too. As for the hardships durin’ the journey… I couldn’t find Natsuki-kun before Emilia-san ‘n the others did, so it’s a bit embarrassin’.]

Emilia: [No, that thought makes me feel reaaally happy. Thank you.]

Emilia also welcomed Anastasia’s appearance with a relaxed smile on her face.

Indeed, the situation in the Vollachian Empire already was tense, and on top of that, there was the undead disaster following the civil war. Inadvertently, she could say that she was very grateful that she did not cross paths with Anastasia and the others in the Imperial Capital.

And with the joy of such an unexpected reunion coming to a pause――,

Vincent: [Are you quite finished rekindling your old friendship? Whether you know it or not, the time for the military conference is limited.]

The one who dampened the mood with those words, with a cheeky attitude and arms crossed, was Abel.

With an unusually tolerant demeanor, he had been trying to gauge the atmosphere, but it seemed like he could not remain silent any longer. Making a sarcastic remark, Abel glanced sideways at Subaru and then said,

Vincent: [Another of your acquaintances. How unexpected, to think your influence has spread as far as Kararagi.]

Subaru: [As for that, it’s a bit complicated. Anastasia-san and the others are on the Kararagi side, but not exactly on the Kararagi side… So, what’s the deal with him?]

Subaru’s puzzled question stemmed from the presence of Halibel, who stood beside Anastasia and the others. Halibel, the wolfperson who was known as the strongest in the Kararagi City-States, demonstrated his existence while shaking the kiseru he held. Subaru wondered what position Anastasia and her group held, given Halibel’s title and affiliation.

Julius: [I will handle that explanation. I will give a firsthand account of the particulars that allowed us to get on that flying dragon ship.]

In response to Subaru’s question, Julius brushed the scar beneath his left eye with his finger and began to answer.

The new white scar on Julius’s profile, combined with his unfamiliar appearance in a traditional Japanese outfit, emphasized his dignified and handsome aura, giving Subaru a strange sensation.

That was not to say that the influence of infantilization had not affected Subaru’s perception, but it was probably more due to the changes on Julius’s side that caused this sensation.

Somehow, it felt like the current Julius had more composure than before.

While there was elegance in his previous demeanor as the “Finest of Knights”, it seemed to be different from his current composure. It might have even been considered something that stood in stark contrast to it.

His attitude, which seemed like he had discarded long-worn armor, was it a result of the experience in the Pleiades Watchtower, or was there some other reason behind it? That remained uncertain.

Julius: [――Your Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia, I am relieved to see you safe and well. It is an unexpected honor to have the privilege of an audience with you once again.]

Ignoring Subaru’s impression, Julius, having taken a step forward, bowed as he elegantly spoke.

Abel, protected by Goz’s large build as he stood, raised his shapely eyebrows at Julius’s greeting. Subaru, too, harbored a sense of unease with Julius’s “once again” part.

Vincent: [“Once again” you say, hm. But, neither do I remember granting audience to a swordsman of the City-States, nor do I recognize your face. What prompted you to say “once again”?]

Julius: [With all due respect, I once received the opportunity to have a glimpse. However, at the time, I was not a swordsman of the City-States, but a Knight of the Kingdom.]

Vincent: [The Kingdom――]

Upon hearing the response of Julius, who did not show fear even when addressing Abel, the Vollachian Emperor, Abel’s black eyes narrowed in deep thought, but he could not seem to find any memory of the occasion.

With such a dignified demeanor, there was no way that Julius could possibly be telling a lie. As such, even though the two were actually acquainted with each other, Abel had forgotten it.

In other words, it was evidence that the effects of Gluttony, which caused those around Julius to forget him, had yet to be undone――.

Vincent: [You are deceiving me, and thus I do not understand your behavior. ――Berstetz.]

Berstetz: [Yes. I, too, have no recollection of ever seeing this person.]

Vincent: [It would be rare for Berstetz to not be present at an audience. That is to say, it is not an issue between you and I, but one of a larger scale.]

By merely questioning the presence of Julius within Berstetz’s memories with a single word, Abel detected that extraordinary circumstances were entangled in the discrepancy of perceptions between himself and Julius.

Witnessing Abel’s speech and conduct, Subaru could not help but mutter “Is this guy for real?”

Subaru: [Is it really normal to accept that so easily? Something that’s so absurd…]

Vincent: [We are in the midst of an emergency, in which the dead have risen, and the Emperor is being driven away from the Imperial Capital. Speaking of the grand scheme of things, the fact that your body has shrunk does not make much of a difference either. What matters is whether or not it can be conceived as possible.]

Subaru: [I wouldn’t say that me shrinking is something that happens every day either though.]

No matter what kind of profound mysteries this world held, even if those were deemed as plausible theories just because they could be conceived, it did not make them things that could be so easily accepted with an “Ah yes, I see.”

As Subaru’s brow wrinkled, Beatrice, holding his hand, rubbed the wrinkle between Subaru’s brow with her other hand.

Beatrice: [Don’t overthink it too much, I suppose. It’s much more convenient if they have the tolerance to accept it, than if they were to be obstinate about it, in fact.]

Subaru: […That’s true. Also, that feels good, please keep doing it a little longer.]

Beatrice: [ Roger that, I suppose.]

While Subaru continued to receive an eyebrow massage from Beatrice, Julius, with the questions that arose from the first act of his greeting canceled, he returned to the main topic.

That was――,

Julius: [First of all, the lady present here is Anastasia Hoshin-sama… I presume you have already been made aware of Emilia-sama’s identity and status, but Anastasia-sama is also of the same status.]

Serena: [Hoho, the same as Miss Emilia. In other words, candidates for the next Monarch of the Kingdom are together in a foreign country. My goodness, that’s quite the amusing and rare situation.]

Serena contorted her facial scar in amusement, and Julius nodded silently at her words. At his affirmation, the gazes of the Imperial camp members turned towards Emilia, and meeting those gazes, her lips formed a smile.

Emilia: [Yes, Julius is telling the truth. Anastasia-san and I are both Royal Candidates, and we’re friends.]

Anastasia: [Tho’ for the time bein’, the thing ‘bout bein’ friends is an agreement for after the Royal Selection is over. ――Followin’ that introduction, I’m a representative of Kararagi’s Hoshin Trading Company ‘n one of the Royal Candidates in the Kingdom of Lugunica.]

Vincent: [In addition to that impressive title, you are yet another person of the Kingdom?]

Anastasia: [I feel a lil’ sorry if my title happened to surprise ya, but to tell ya the truth it ain’t the only title I got right now. That’s the reason we went out of our way to ride that flying dragon ship, ain’t it?]

Just a short while ago, Abel had formed a friendly alliance with Emilia as the head of the Empire. As Abel expressed his disapproval at the fact that another person from the Kingdom had now become involved here, Anastasia put a stop to that.

As Anastasia noted that she had a title that had yet to be disclosed, Emilia put her finger to her lips with a puzzled look on her face.

Emilia: [But, Anastasia-san is a representative of the Trading Company, a candidate for Royal Selection… and there’s still more? Oh, maybe the employer of the mercenary group that Mimi and the others are a part of?]

Anastasia: [The Iron Fang’s under the jurisdiction of the Hoshin Trading Company, so I don’t bother to add it to the title of Trading Company representative. Still, it’s a separate matter from that.]

Emilia: [Separate…]

Told that she was incorrect by Anastasia, Emilia muttered in an adorable, troubled voice.

And beside Anastasia as she smiled at Emilia’s behavior, Julius gestured to her with his hand,

Julius: [On this occasion, Anastasia-sama is acting on behalf of Kararagi’s League of Cities―― Having been appointed as an emissary, she has made her way to the Empire.]

Otto: [――The Kararagi League of Cities!?]

Hearing Julius’s reply, it was Otto whose voice had cracked.

Otto broke his silence with an uncomfortable expression, to which Subaru thought was the right opportunity to ask, “What’s the League of Cities?”.

Subaru: [I’ve heard that Kararagi is known as the City-States, a country with many cities joined together.]

Otto: [――. That understanding is correct. The Kararagi City-States are, roughly speaking, a country composed of ten large cities. Each city has its own mayor, who is the representative of the city, and there is a council formed by these people, which is the League of Cities.]

Subaru: [Huh… It’s like the Council of Ten in Pristella.]

Otto: [Rather, Pristella’s Council of Ten is probably inspired by the League of Cities. As is the case with the Water Plumage Pavilion, there is a large influx of Kararagi culture in Pristella along the border.]

Subaru: [Oh, come to think of it…]

The Water Plumage Pavilion, where they had stayed at the invitation of Anastasia and her companions, was said to have wafuu-style both inside and out, which had been introduced from Kararagi.

Going further back, Subaru believed that Kararagi’s wafuu-style itself might be knowledge that was brought from his world, but he put that aside for the time being.

In any case――,

Subaru: [It’s not a peaceful situation when you’re not only a candidate for the Kingdom’s Royal Selection, but you’ve also entered the Empire at the behest of the League of Cities as an emissary.]

Anastasia: [You’re right. Tho’ not as bad as with Lugunica, Vollachia ain’t on the best of terms with Kararagi. I mean, the Empire is basically hostile to everyone.]

Subaru: [It’s probably because the Emperor is so sharp. It’s possible his corners will be a little rounder from now on.]

Vincent: [Silence.]

When Subaru joined Anastasia’s brazen and blunt comments, Abel, without changing his expression, hurled an admonishment at Subaru.

Subaru stuck his tongue out at that, and Julius was taken aback by this exchange with Abel.

Right after, he looked at Subaru in surprise, but since it would have been a long story if he were to explain, Subaru covered it up by simply sticking his tongue out at Julius as well.

Anastasia: [We heard about the mess in Vollachia while we were in Kararagi, but we didn’t come here to take advantage of it.]

Vincent: [That is very auspicious. However, it is not as if you have no intention of doing so.]

Anastasia: [Well, you’ve gotta be tough to get by. Wouldn’t it be more uncomfortable for ya to be helped for free?]

Vincent: [――. But of course.]

At that mischievous look in Anastasia’s eyes, Abel’s gaze briefly turned toward Emilia.

As for Emilia, she looked at them curiously, but from Abel and Anastasia’s points of view, Emilia’s good intentions were probably way more unexpected.

Even Subaru would not go so far as to say that they should help Abel and the others without compensation, and if he did, Otto would give him a thousand hellish sermons.

Then, a hoarse voice asked for a chance to speak.

When Berstetz received Abel’s silent affirmation, he turned his narrow, nearly thread-like eyes toward Anastasia and Julius, while saying,

Berstetz: [I am wondering, may I ask why the City-States have sent an emissary to the Empire in its current state? Perhaps, you suspect that the problems of the Empire have come to your country, and you are pursuing them?]

Anastasia: [Even Kararagi, which believes that “time and money are of equal value”, certainly wouldn’t come to talk ’bout money in the middle of such a busy day. Besides, interference in internal affairs will only cause loss if y’ain’t prepared for it.]

Vincent: [You are being evasive. Did I not say that time is limited.]

Anastasia: [You’re impatient, aren’t’cha? Aight, aight, aight. ――Halibel.]

Halibel: [Hm? Yer fine with me talkin’?]

Anastasia called Halibel to her side as the Imperial leaders were eager to proceed.

Leaning against the wall of the dragon carriage, Halibel, who was making a ring with the smoke from his kiseru , stroked the fur on his chin as the gazes gathered from around him.

In Subaru’s eyes, his fur was really nice, lush, and a full coat.

Halibel: [Then I’ll go for it… Actually, somethin’ strange’s been goin’ on in Kararagi for a while now. Well, the League of Cities’ve been urgin’ me ta figure it out.]

Subaru: [Something strange?]

Halibel: [Y’all can imagine what I’m talkin’ ‘bout, right? ――The Hotoke-san have been movin’.] [1]

Emilia: [ Ho-toe-keh ?]

Subaru gasped at Halibel’s easy-going, slightly pretentious words. But, Emilia, Goz and others tilted their heads at the unfamiliar word.

Seeing that reaction, Halibel gave a wry smile as he said “Sorry, sorry”, and,

Halibel: [Righty right, that phrase’s Kararagi dialect so none of y’all would understand. In Kararagi, when ya say Hotoke-san it’s got the meanin’ of a corpse. I’m tryna say…]

Subaru: [――Are you saying that the City-States also suffered harm from the undead?]

Halibel: [Somethin’ like that.]

Halibel calmly nodded, and the same shock that Subaru had just received spread to Emilia and the others anew.

Given the undead forces that had come out of left field to interfere with the battle for the Imperial Capital, if the same thing had happened in Kararagi, it would mean that the large incident was not a matter confined only to the Empire.

Subaru: [T-then, this could be happening on a global scale if we’re unlucky, right? What happened to that zombie disturbance in Kararagi?]

Halibel: [ Zombie ?]

Subaru: [The moving dead people! It’ll be easier to understand if we have a name for them.]

Halibel: [Hahaa, I see, I see. For some reason, even tho’ I dunno the word, it sure rolls off the tongue.]

Gathering Subaru’s response, Halibel gnawed on his kiseru and replied in somewhat of a good mood. But, frustrated by Halibel’s reply, Subaru hastily shouted out “Halibel-san!”.

With every passing moment, if the undead cataclysm was continuously expanding――.

Subaru: [That would mean we don’t have a moment to waste. For you to have come to the Empire is…]

Halibel: [Don’t’cha worry, I done tidied up the zombie disturbance that happened back in Kararagi. So ya don’t need ta get all worked up ‘bout Kararagi.]

Subaru: [Ah…]

Halibel: [Yer such a sweet kid, how ‘bout some candy…? Ah, I ain’t got no candy on me.]

Without doing anything like feeling around in his sleeves, Halibel soothed Subaru with a lighthearted tone. Involuntarily, Subaru pouted his lips, feeling rebuked for his hasty attitude.

Julius: [According to Mister Halibel’s investigation, the undead in question… No, the zombies , following the flow of where their damages have been incurred, it seems that they have gradually been proceeding towards the Empire. Therefore, in order to investigate the emergency that occurred within their country, and to issue an alert for caution to your country, the League of Cities has――]

Anastasia: [We done employed Halibel since he was fully informed on the situation, ‘n I’ve taken on the role as an emissary for the League of Cities. It was also quite the help for crossin’ the border.]

That was how Anastasia promptly summed up the details of how she took on the role of emissary for the League of Cities.

She may have taken care as to not sound too serious, but unfortunately, no matter how much care she took, the contents of this matter were such that there was no way it would not become heavy.

In particular, the fact that the undead cataclysm had occurred earlier in Kararagi was――,

Vincent: [The incident that occurred in the City-States preceded the Empire. If that is the case, it could be said that the current undead catastrophe was brought to the Empire from your country, is that not so?]

Anastasia: [I guess that’s possible, but we got a different view.]

Vincent: [Ho. If this is not an attempt to avoid responsibility, let me hear it.]

Anastasia: [It seems like Kararagi was the first place where the Hotoke-san… where the zombies , caused damage. ――But, I think the main target was Vollachia, ‘n Kararagi was used as a practice ground before that.]

Anastasia replied to Abel’s snide remarks with an unchanged attitude.

Contrary to her elegant demeanor, the hypothesis she posited was a rather extreme one. The view that Kararagi was the practice ground, and Vollachia was the main event, was far too harsh.

Emilia: [Why does Anastasia-san think so? That the thing with Kararagi was not serious, and that Vollachia is the real objective.]

Anastasia: [Well, the scale of damage.]

When the question Subaru had in mind was spoken by Emilia, such was Anastasia’s response. While the gaze of her pale turquoise eyes clashed against Emilia’s amethyst eyes,

Anastasia: [The account was convoluted, but Garkla received the first reports of damage to the Imperial Capital. Even if it ain’t fully accurate, it’s true that zombies done captured the Imperial Capital, ain’t that right?]

Julius: [It is unusual for the Imperial Capital at the center of the Vollachian Empire to be captured, and for its citizens all to be evacuated en masse. Henceforth, I have no doubt that the intentions of the “enemy” who brought about this situation lie in the Empire.]

Vincent: [Your reasoning is sound.]

Hearing the deductions posed by Anastasia and Julius, Abel gave a brief response.

However, deep in thought behind his tranquil sable eyes, the Emperor, prefacing his speech with “Incidentally”, turned his gaze toward Halibel.

Vincent: [The damages you said you suppressed in the City-States, what truly happened there? Despite the state of the Empire, I have not heard anything of the City-States being destroyed by undead.]

Halibel: [Righty. I done stopped it before that happened… tho’ even if I’m sayin’ that, seems like their goal wasn’t ta make a mess of Kararagi, but just ta warm up like what lil’ Ana said.]

Vincent: [What does that mean?]

Halibel: [Puttin’ it simply, the zombies I happened across had entirely replaced all the people in the city, ‘n were livin’ the same lifestyle as if they were still alive. Seemed like they didn’t want us ta know that they had swapped places.]

Subaru: [Wha…]

As Halibel revealed the truth, Subaru became lost for words.

And it was not only Subaru who was surprised. This group of wise people all had thoughtful expressions on their faces, and everyone who was surprised like Subaru was speechless.

That was probably to be expected. Just now, Halibel’s story was far too different from what had been assumed.

Goz: [You, you are saying that those undead are going as far as to disguise themselves as the living!? It is true that Her Excellency Lamia spoke in the same manner as she did then when she was alive…! But even so!]

Serena: [If you see them as the living, then that destroys the perception of them being an opponent who attacks indiscriminately. It’s already troublesome that some of them are intelligent, but if that happens, the way we deal with them as enemies will need to change quite a lot. This has become excessively amusing.]

Goz: [Just what is so amusing, High Countess Dracroy! Even your impudence ought to have its limits!!]

Goz and Serena’s views were pitted against each other as a shocking embodiment of that misconception.

However, that reaction from the two was natural. In fact, Subaru had the same opinion. These were not opponents which could just be fought, it had become a matter of exploiting their weakness.

Even still――,

Emilia: [Hey, Halibel-san, you said that everyone in the town was turned into “ zombees ”… But in that town, how many people were living there?]

It was a question that someone needed to ask.

Subaru regretted that instead of himself, he had let Emilia do it. That regret grew deeper and larger after hearing Halibel’s answer.

That was because――,

Halibel: [――Roughly, somewhere ‘round two thousand people.]

Emilia: [That many…]

Halibel’s answer clearly quantified the scale of the damage.

One could only imagine that drastic scale of damage; that made Emilia’s expression severely darken, and drove a cold, sharp thorn into Subaru’s chest.

However, there were not just people who were hurt by Halibel’s answer, there were also those who looked ahead.

Vincent: [If that many disguised themselves to be the living, I have no choice but to say that it is troublesome. What caused them to be exposed?]

Anastasia: [The reason they were discovered was the amount of supplies that were goin’ in n’ out of the city. They disguised themselves to some extent, but the numbers between the livin’ and dead people didn’t match up. The Hotoke-san don’t need food or drinkin’ water, so that’s where the discrepancy came from.]

Vincent: [The boundary between the living and the dead. ――It appears it cannot be crossed.]

Unlike Subaru, whose emotions halted him, Abel and Anastasia did not stop.

While he felt frustrated by that difference, he also did not want to forget what he had told Abel, that it was necessary to not throw away this frustration.

Vincent: [Berstetz, you had an army stationed in the western part of the Empire, correct?]

Indifferent to Subaru gritting his teeth, Abel posed a question to Berstetz.

Berstetz nodded briefly with a “Yes” to the Emperor’s question, and,

Berstetz: [We have received reports of unrest along the national border with Kararagi in the west. It was before the signs of civil war had expanded, but we feared countermoves and polarization of the rebel army, so we kept it maintained to keep them in check. ――You do not mean.]

Vincent: [The one entrusted with that army, it ought to have been Groovy Gumlet, was it not?]

His narrow thread-like eyes opening slightly, Berstetz laid bare his astonishment. As if agreeing with the Prime Minister’s realization, Abel let out a small sigh.

That which the sigh spoke of, was certainly one of the Nine Divine Generals―― he was supposed to be the General First-Class whom Subaru had never had a chance to meet face-to-face.

The reason why Abel narrowed his eyes languidly when he said that person’s name was――,

Goz: [Your Excellency! Surely not… Surely not! General First-Class Groovy is!]

Vincent: [Keeping the unrest on the national border with the City-States in check… If that is why they did not participate in the great battle of the Imperial Capital, and if it has reached a state that we are not even able to meet with them, then there is no other recourse but to assume the worst.]

Serena: [Assume the worst, hm? Even I would have a hard time calling that amusing.]

Goz’s face flushed red, and Serena erased the thin smile on her lips.

Giving a nod at these leading figures’ reactions, Abel spoke.

Vincent: [――Groovy Gumlet and his army have already fallen into the hands of the undead. If they fail to unite with us in the future, we ought to operate under that assumption.]

Goz: [――Hk!]

In response to Abel’s words, Goz’s entire body trembled as he gnashed his molars.

It was not a metaphor, he really ground his molars. As an immense amount of indignation ran through the body of the warrior named Goz Ralfon, the possibility of having lost his comrade was hitting him hard.

Even for Subaru and the others, who did not know him personally, it was a silent blow.

Berstetz: [Your Excellency, as per your speculation, if an undead can pretend to be alive, then…]

Vincent: [Indeed, the reports from various regions, on their own, have lost credibility. Without increasing the accuracy of the information, to engage in the battle for the recapture of the Imperial Capital will be next to impossible.]

Which of the delivered reports were from their living allies, and which ones were from the undead enemy, was not known.

Presented with such a frightening possibility, Subaru gasped.

Subaru: [In other words, that’s the reason why the League of Cities entrusted Anastasia-san with being their emissary…]

Anastasia: [The sense of crisis, y’all feel it too, don’t’cha? It absolutely mustn’t be allowed to spread. Therefore, we were allowed to go as jus’ a small group of reliable people.]

Anastasia spoke while nodding, to which both Julius and Halibel also expressed agreement.

Due to the commencement of the opposition against the undead, they were two trusted people chosen for their individual war potential.

Subaru: [What about Ricardo, Mimi, and the others?]

Anastasia: [They’re buildin’ a united front with the League of Cities at the border. Basically, they won’t be enterin’ the Empire. If it doesn’t stop with the Empire, Kararagi will have to be prepared.]

Halibel: [That ain’t a good omen, but gimme a break. Well, at this point it‘s too late ta do anythin’ ‘bout lil’ Ana’s sharp tongue.]

Anastasia: [Halibel.]

Anastasia, who had answered the whereabouts of the absent Iron Fang, looked at Halibel with a smile. She put her hand on her cheek in a soft gesture, and kept her gaze fixed on Halibel,

Anastasia: [I overlooked it the first time, but can ya stop callin’ me lil’ Ana? I ain’t a kid anymore, and I’m also a representative of Kararagi.]

Halibel: [Tho’ ya say yer not a child, ya don’t look any different from when ya were a wee lassie. Yer character hasn’t changed from the ol’ days when ya were such a rascal together with Ricardo…]

Anastasia: [Halibel.]

Halibel: [Alrighty alrighty, my bad.]

Waving his hand, Halibel raised the white flag to Anastasia.

The seemingly familiar relationship between the two was intriguing, but compared to the pressing issue at hand, it could only be considered a trivial matter.

Indeed, from the point of view of having to defend against the unprecedented undead cataclysm――.

Julius: [Once again, I would like to convey the intentions of Kararagi’s League of Cities. In order to contain the damage caused by the undead… the damage caused by the zombies , the City-States will extend as much support as possible to the Empire.]

Vincent: [――. Regarding the support, we can work out the details later. Do you people have any ideas of means to stop this situation?]

Halibel: [‘Bout that, it ain’t a natural phenomenon that the Hotoke-san wake up, right? No doubt, it’s the result of some fella’s gaudy intentions. In other words――]

Anastasia: [――The mastermind, the caster, the ringleader, or whatever you wanna call it, they gotta be subdued.]

A huge problem that could plunge the entire world into crisis, and the plan to overcome it.

Stopping the entity responsible for this problem, the unseen “enemy”, was the highest priority of the Kingdom of Lugunica, the Vollachian Empire, and Kararagi’s League of Cities――.

Subaru: [――The unidentified “enemy”.]

Thinking of the “enemy” whose true nature was unknown, Subaru murmured softly.

What did this “enemy” look like, and just what were they thinking when they made preparations to commit such terrible barbaric acts?

The mere thought of the hardships and obstacles that awaited them in their quest to defeat this yet-to-be-seen “enemy” sent cold sweat down his spine.

However――,

Subaru: [――With this many members gathered here.]

Subaru’s heart, seized by fear as it was, was nevertheless encouraged by the presence of those around him.

The Emilia camp, who had even come to the Empire in search of Subaru and the others, the leaders of the Empire, who hardened their resolve to unite for the sake of protecting it, and the reliable reinforcements from Kararagi.

Subaru: [No matter what the “enemy” is planning, there’s absolutely no way that we’re gonna lose――!]

That was Natsuki Subaru’s sincere declaration of war against the “enemy.”

△▼△▼△▼△

――Indeed, it was around the same time as Subaru’s surge of enthusiasm from within the coupled dragon carriages.

Ferociously, the reservoir’s water gushed forth from the destroyed bulwark, engulfing the Imperial Capital.

As the muddy torrent swept away buildings and tore people and trees asunder indiscriminately, the blue-haired boy, having escaped to a high vantage point, used his hand as a visor as he gazed over the view.

Boy: [Oh dear, I tried to buy as much time as I could but I wonder if everyone was able to successfully escape. Hopefully the Boss and the others didn’t let the blood rush to their heads and mess up the decision to retreat.]

Lightheartedly muttering so, clad in a kimono and wearing zori was Cecilus.

In this grand battle for the Imperial Capital, as the most difficult problem in all aspects concerning the complete change in the situation was identified by his natural intuition and drama-geek mindset, the leading actor of the world rushed to the scene.

In fact, if Cecilus had not taken such a selfish and arbitrary action, the Imperial Capital would have been engulfed by water much sooner, and many more people would have failed to escape, resulting in an enormous number of casualties.

In that sense, Cecilus’s actions, beyond anyone’s expectations, coincidentally brought about a fortunate outcome for many.

However, that was not the case for Cecilus, as the person concerned.

With the sudden appearance of the undead forces, the state of the battle for the Imperial Capital had changed, and trying to surprise the third “enemy” who was attempting to snatch victory through a boorish intervention, Cecilus had leapt forth.

Undoubtedly, he was in a state where he could sing his own praises of it having been a performance meant to enchant the world.

And yet――,

Cecilus: [Even so, this was completely unexpected.]

Within the Imperial Capital engulfed by the muddy torrent, Cecilus murmured so, scratching his cheeks at the sight of undead who had all fled to higher ground like he had, still maintaining their fixation over those who yet lived.

There was no doubt that they existed outside the natural order, resurrected by a technique unknown even to Cecilus.

In fact, he had also encountered the being that had made them into such things.

Even though everything up to that point had proceeded in accordance with Cecilus’s intuition――,

Cecilus: [――Unbelievable, who could’ve imagined that the situation wouldn’t be settled even when the caster is defeated!]

Collapsed at the feet of Cecilus as he raised his voice, was the caster who had resurrected and commanded the undead.

With beautiful pink hair and long ears, the young girl appeared to be around the same age as Cecilus―― Having confronted the Blue Lightning, Cecilus, she was a Witch whose life had already met its end.

Translation Notes:

[1] – In Japan, 仏 (hotoke) is a word used to refer to Buddah, but it is also commonly used to refer to the dead. Here, Halibel uses a Katakana version ホトケさん (Hotoke-san) of the term. It is a uniquely Japanese way of referring to the dead, and hence Subaru picks up on what it means, while the other Vollachians and Lugunicans are left in confusion.

--- Chapter 17: A Magical Approach ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

As much as it was necessary, the certainty that this was an unprecedented situation only grew deeper.

Among the events that had taken place in Lugunica recorded in the history books, was a case resembling this unusual situation, but in that sequence of events, the case was not treated as anything major.

――The Demi-Human War.

It was a mass-scale civil war that occurred in Lugunica’s past, the only recorded instance in history in which the dead had risen as enemies as they were now doing.

However, the main focus of the history books had centered around the friction between the humans and the demi-human tribes, and the extraordinary attacks carried out as part of the civil war had not been recorded in detail.

That was regrettable. Had the details of that time been recorded in more depth――,

???: [I’m not gonna fall behind these guys!!]

With a roar and a swing of his fist, a group of Imperial Soldiers, each pallid in complexion, were blown away all at once.

Riding off the energy that had been vigorously drawn up from the ground he firmly stepped on, he unleashed a blow with all his might, one that was perhaps closer to a cleave than a punch.

In quick succession he repeated the attack a second, and third time, with each blow knocking down the enemy’s formation. ――No, it was not anything impressive like a formation.

At first glance, the silhouettes of the enemy approached side-by-side, but they had no such thing as tactical leadership, coordination, or strategy. If that were the case, they were simply a cluster of individuals.

If they were merely a cluster of individuals, Garfiel would not be caught lagging behind.

However――,

???: [Zeh-ah! Zuah!]

With a sharp lunge, a double slash grazed Garfiel’s neck.

Feeling his hair standing on end, he glared at his opponent; having suddenly appeared kicking away the fragments of a shattered undead, was another undead clad in an air different from the others.

Garfiel: [Tch.]

With a click of his tongue, he raised his shoulder and checked his neck, where the tip of the sword had slightly grazed him.

The extent of the slash was about a finger’s length difference between the first and second blows. It was the technique of a master who would deliberately demonstrate a blow that could be dodged, only to then attempt to lop off the opponent’s head with a second.

They were nothing more than a cluster of individuals without any formation, but occasionally among them, there were those who had this level of skill.

As a result, it had become a bit more troublesome than expected, and he assumed that there was one skilled undead out of every twenty. Because of this, he could not carelessly support his allies by saying that they would be fine as long as they worked together.

Based on one assessment of the situation, it was quite possible that a formation of a hundred men could be destroyed by a single skilled undead.

Skilled Undead: [Zeh-ah! Zuah――!]

Garfiel wrinkled his nose, whereupon the undead again unleashed the same double slash.

Contrary to what had just been shown, the range of the technique had changed to be more daring. Earlier, the difference was a fingertip’s worth, and now it was a fist’s worth. A deep cut the size of a fist would be fatal, no matter how shallow the cut was.

However, the undead who had unleashed the technique widened his eyes, a face in stark contrast to that of one confident in victory.

The reason was simple―― their right arm, which had been holding the sword, had been shattered at the wrist.

Garfiel: [No matter how many obvious tricks ya play, yer grip on the sword’s always the same when ya slash. “Three-Headed Valgren’s got but one body”… Hah!]

He switched over to shatter the left hand, and then drove his fist into his opponent’s astonished face.

As soon as the impact of the blow passed through to the back of its head, the undead’s head was blown away as if it were a fruit bursting open. As its head crumbled, fissures went through its torso and legs, and its whole body shattered.

Garfiel: [This ain’t to my liking.]

Looking down upon the wreckage of his vanquished foe, Garfiel voiced those words.

What irritated Garfiel was the way the undead were defeated and destroyed. Since these things were dead, it would not be appropriate to describe it as a way of dying, and more than anything else, the very way they shattered deprived Garfiel of the feeling that he was fighting against something that had life.

All that remained was a faint cold sensation, questioning just what in the world he was fighting against.

Garfiel: [――――]

Garfiel wiped the sweat from his chin with his arm, and when he looked around, he saw an incessant stream of undead soldiers on the night plains that had become the battlefield.

In order to combat them, a tactical delay force, which included Garfiel, was in the midst of fighting hard.

Initially, Garfiel had been assigned to a medical unit in order to make good use of his healing magic, but a plan of preventing people from getting injured suited Garfiel’s nature better than treating the injured.

???: [Garf-san, your fidgeting is worrisome! If you’re so restless, go help the people fighting yourself.]

So had said Petra, who was working hard in the same medical unit as Garfiel.

Though it was not because she had insisted, Garfiel rushed outside. In reality, as a volunteer, he thought he was producing some good results.

However, he was not so conceited as to say that he was doing the best work here.

The reason was――,

???: [Do it ――!!]

A sharp yell echoed in the black of the night, immediately after which the sound of drawn bow strings firing rang out in succession.

In accordance with the yell from Taritta, the chieftain of the People of Shudraq, a tremendously dense hail of arrows was fired.

Rather than as individual arrows, they fell as a single cluster that left no means to dodge; the only way to evade them was to either catch or repel all of them. In fact, the undead, having no choice but to suffer the attack, each tried to utilize their weapons and shields.

However——,

Kuna: [I see it !]

Holly: [Go for it !]

The undead, focused on the sky overhead, were struck by a heavy duty arrow fired from a strong bow by an assertive voice.

Literally, to say that they were shot through would be an understatement; that absurd impact was like being rammed by a dragon carriage going at full speed. The undead that assumed a defensive stance were blown away along with the group behind them at the same time.

Garfiel: [My amazin’ self ain’t supposed to lose to ya, but that’s fuckin’ insane.]

The undead who were weak were eradicated by the rain of arrows which dominated the area, and the undead who were strong and survived that attack were sniped by the strong bow. The rhythm of the coordinated hunters greatly impressed Garfiel.

Even for Garfiel, his movements would halt if he was turned into a hedgehog from getting pierced by arrows, and then in addition to that was the huge damage from the strong bow which he could not dodge. He considered it a relief to have those tactics on his side.

Garfiel: [Well, I got no idea what’s happenin’ over there…]

In contrast to the great strength of the Shudraq, another group won Garfiel’s admiration in a different way—— a group that looked rough around the edges all around, who had accompanied Subaru who had supposedly fought by his lonesome in the Empire; the self-proclaimed Pleiades Battalion.

Pleiades: [LET’S GO LET’S GO LET’S GO LET’S GO ――!]

Pleiades: [STRONGEST! INVINCIBLE! BRING IT ON! BRING IT ON!!]

Pleiades: [UOOOOOOH――!!]

They were abnormally loud in the midst of a nighttime battle, and Garfiel’s eye could not spot anyone exceptionally skilled in martial prowess. Of course, many of them seemed to have refined their techniques to the level of an Imperial Soldier, at any rate.

It was hard to say if the majority of them were trained, but they were good at giving in to their instincts and the way they raged about.

But even so, they were strong. Already, the difference in physical strength was like an adult compared to a child.

???: [It’s beautiful . Their strength is refreshing .]

A voice reached Garfiel, who was staring at the way the Pleiades Battalion fought. When he turned his head, lined up next to him was a woman with dark brown skin and dyed red hair―― Mizelda.

Mizelda, who had a single wooden leg, wore a smile the color of blood towards the Battalion’s violent fighting style.

Garfiel: [I don’t get it, but they have somethin’ to do with the Captain. I do wonder what they’re doin’, but I ain’t worried that it’s bad.]

Mizelda: [Captain… Subaru, is it? Emilia and the others, they put great faith in him .]

Garfiel: [Ha! Faith? A word like that’s an understatement. Captain’s a man, a man who gives back my amazin’ self’s expectations and faith a hundred times over!]

It was neither an exaggeration nor a bluff; from the bottom of his heart, Garfiel held zero doubt in praising him in such a way. At Garfiel’s answer, the quality of Mizelda’s smile changed.

From a mask of war, to something that was somehow calmer and harbored a sense of understanding.

Mizelda: [I also understand that feeling . In the Lifeblood Ritual and in all the subsequent battles, Subaru continued proving himself to us . He’s got the soul of a warrior . Though he may not have a good face for a man , he’d make a good husband for Taritta .]

Garfiel: [Stop talkin’ ‘bout his face! The Captain also worries about tha look in his eyes! Besides…]

Mizelda: [ Besides ?]

Garfiel: [No matter how charmed someone gets by Captain, there’s someone that he’s already decided to fall for.]

Mizelda: [――I see . That’s right .]

Garfiel rubbed his nose with his finger, and Mizelda nodded profoundly.

He was unsure to what extent were her words a joke and to what extent were they genuine praise, but the fact that Subaru was also valued within this Empire made Garfiel proud.

Wherever he was, Subaru involved the people around him and brought about great results.

However, though Subaru could get on exceedingly well wherever he found himself, it was the wish of Garfiel and the collective will of the entire Camp to have him stay with them.

It was for this reason that everyone went through great lengths to rush to the heart of the Empire.

Garfiel: [And yet, they had the nerve to get in the way of our amazin’ selves reunitin’ with the Captain… Hk.]

Garfiel was a military officer, one who loved to compete against the strong. But, he was not a battle junkie who chose to fight anyone and everyone, no matter the time or place.

To reunite with an important companion, to be in a situation in which that delightful reunion time was interrupted by constantly appearing enemies filled his heart not with happiness, but solely with hatred.

Garfiel: [But, they sure are a weird ass lot, ain’t they?]

Mizelda: [The dead coming back to life is unnatural . I understand what you’re saying …]

Garfiel: [Ah, that ain’t what I meant.]

Mizelda: [――?]

His fangs creaked as he bit them together; Mizelda raised an eyebrow at Garfiel’s mutter.

In a purposeful response to her doubt, Garfiel jerked his chin, directing his gaze towards a group of undead that were still being targeted by the Shudraq’s arrows.

Garfiel: [Look closely ‘n ya can tell… There ain’t a surefire way to kill these guys. Some break with one arrow, while others don’t, even with five arrows in ‘em.]

Mizelda: [There are also some tough beasts . Just like people . Isn’t it the same thing ?]

Garfiel: [I know the difference between strong ‘n weak. This ain’t like that…]

He could not explain it well, but from Garfiel’s view, even among the undead appearing roughly equal in strength, he sensed a difference in their level of toughness.

Whether an arrow hit a vital spot or not seemed to have little relevance. Some seemed to be unaffected even when an arrow pierced an eye, while others shattered from a single arrow lodged in their shoulder.

It felt as if simply gauging them by the strength or weakness of their life force——.

Garfiel: [Damn it! Jus’ thinkin’ ‘bout it hurts my head! It’s “a Guiltilaw that fell one step short.” If we jus’ crush ‘em all, it ain’t matter anyway…]

???: [——That is exactly how “a Guiltilaw that fell one step short” would think, iiisn’t~ it?]

At that moment, Garfiel’s shoulders jolted in response to the voice descending from above his head.

When he hastily looked up, there was a silhouette leisurely approaching from the thickly clouded night sky. It steadily grew into the shape of a man that Garfiel could not stand.

And then——,

???: [Since you are struggling, let me give you a haaand~.]

Garfiel: [Dudley, you bastard…]

???: [Oops. I feel bad saying this after you had finally gotten used to my alias, but after the meeting we had earlier, there’s no longer a need to hide my naaame~. So, as usual, you can…]

Garfiel: [Fuckin’ Roswaal…!!]

Roswaal: [While there’s an unnecessary prefix in there, you can call me that, I don’t miiind~.]

Indeed, Roswaal, who had landed on the ground, was laughing, provoking Garfiel’s irritation.

Since infiltrating Vollachia, he may have concealed his facial makeup and outlandish costumes, but his unique manner of speaking, which likewise should have been sealed away, had returned.

Hearing that the pseudonym had also been lifted, it could be inferred that the discussion in the dragon carriage had probably been settled.

The negotiations that Otto, Frederica, and the others had mentioned before, to reach a consensus regarding their involvement with the Empire—— without twisting Subaru and Emilia’s feelings.

That in itself was a joyous thing for Garfiel.

Garfiel: [If ya finished talkin’, I’d like to hear how it turned out… Beatrice! Have ya changed sides? It’s rare to see ya with that bastard.]

Beatrice: [It’s out of necessity, in fact. If possible, Betty would rather not leave Subaru’s side for even a second, I suppose. But Betty can’t be helped but to be relied upon, in fact.]

With that said, Beatrice flung herself out of Roswaal’s arms.

Since it had been for just one month, Beatrice being active even in Subaru’s absence was still fresh in her memory, so now that she had somehow managed to reunite with Subaru, Garfiel thought that she would have been resolved to never leave his side again.

In fact, just before everyone was about to smother the awoken Subaru in the coupled dragon carriage, the girl had been mumbling along those lines with a completely determined look in her eyes.

For her to leave Subaru’s side, and come to the battlefield with Roswaal——,

Beatrice: [Garfiel, Betty’s here to ascertain the origin of that unease you felt, I suppose.]

Garfiel: [The origin… of that unease?]

Roswaal: [If you go into a battle without knowing your enemy, the results will amount to less than half of what you expected. You compensate for this by knowing your enemy. Especially this enemy, who is shrouded in faaar~ too many mysteries.]

After letting go of Beatrice, Roswaal swung his arms as if feeling somewhat lonely. At the words of those two, Garfiel felt optimistic about the outcome of the conversation, and his fighting spirit surged.

Even though the bearer of this message was the despised Roswaal.

Mizelda: [Not Dudley, but Roswaal… That’s your real name then ?]

Roswaal: [Yes, Miss Mizelda. Due to certain reasons, I had to falsify my name. I do apologize. Not only I, but also Emilia-sama, who you knew as Emily, had to do the saaame~.]

Mizelda: [It was done by a man with a nice face . So you are forgiven .]

Beatrice: [What an outrageous basis for a decision, in fact…]

Mizelda digested the issue of the pseudonyms with her own peculiar sense of values.

Beside her, Garfiel gazed towards the pair of Roswaal and Beatrice, and,

Garfiel: [So, the fight’s gonna continue in the Empire, and the reason you two came is…]

Beatrice: [Events outside the realm of reason are best identified by magicians who have the ability to interfere with reason, I suppose.]

Roswaal: [This is a historic collaboration between Lugunica and Vollachia. The most valuable thing the Kingdom can offer in return to them is a magical approach to determining the caaause~.]

If the knowledge of a mage could help to identify the cause of the endless stream of undead, then surely there was no one in the Emilia Camp better qualified to help than Roswaal and Beatrice.

Emilia was a Spiritual Arts User, Ram was the type to rely on her senses, and Petra was still in the process of learning.

Roswaal: [How has it been actually fighting them for a prolonged period? Have you grasped anything?]

Garfiel: [――. I don’t really get the difference between the ones that’re easy to beat ‘n the ones that’re hard to beat. I think there’s a reason apart from whether they’re strong or weak, but…]

Roswaal: [Hmm. So the survivability and vitality of each individual is different?]

Garfiel inwardly clicked his tongue at Roswaal, who was in thought with a long, slender finger on his chin.

It was true that he did not like Roswaal’s every move, but the tongue click just now was not due to irritation with him, but rather for the fact that he was counting on his thoughts and knowledge.

Because, he honestly thought that Roswaal was reliable in this situation.

Beatrice: [Roswaal, looking at it in a daze won’t lead to the answer, in fact.]

Roswaal: [Agreed. Well then, if it comes to this… Beatrice, how much mana do you have left?]

Beatrice: [After having met with Subaru, perfectly full, I suppose.]

Roswaal: [Very well. Theeen~――]

Suddenly smiling, Roswaal’s heterochromatic eyes narrowed, and soon after, four different colored lights, Mana, floated in the air around him.

Roswaal snapped his fingers, and the four colored lights raced through the darkness of the night at arrow-like speeds, piercing into the distant group of undead, each light displaying their own powers.

One of the undead burst into flames, and another was encased in ice. One had its limbs severed by a blade of wind, and one was pierced through the groin by a block of rock that rose up from the ground.

All of them were fatal wounds, a destructive force that shattered them into infinitesimal pieces with a cracking sound a second later. Garfiel, and even Mizelda, raised their eyebrows slightly in surprise at the result.

Roswaal: [As it was reported, it’s the fire attribute that works the most effeeectively~. Wind did poorly, and earth is treated no differently than a physical strike. Freezing seems to be inefficient with its mana consumption.]

However, to Roswaal, the executor of the attack, it was not the fact that the undead had been defeated, but rather how the strength of the attacks had affected the defeated undead.

And then, Beatrice had also begun the same examination, but in a different way than Roswaal.

Beatrice: [――Vita.]

Beatrice held her hand up to the night sky, and her chanted magic meddled with the rain of arrows, which was released by the People of Shudraq, as the arrows tore through the sky.

Innumerable arrows poured down upon the undead, their weight multiplied several times by the effects of Beatrice’s Yin Magic―― magic that altered the weight of its target.

The increase in their power could be gauged from the spectacular sound that came from each undead as they were pierced into the ground.

Beatrice: [As Garfiel said, there is no explanation for why some zombies crumble, and others don’t, even though the arrows are of different weights and have different power, in fact.]

Garfiel: [If ya make all the arrows heavier, won’t it be hard to tell the difference?]

Beatrice: [Don’t think so lowly of Betty, I suppose. Instead of making all the arrows the same weight, each arrow was tested differently, in fact.]

Beatrice appeared angry, puffing out her cheeks like a little girl, but her reply in an effort to not be treated like a fool was even more foolish.

Garfiel, as a person who could use magic, albeit specializing in healing magic, understood the precision of the magical manipulation that Beatrice was doing.

One could see that what she had just done with magic was of equal difficulty to threading many needles at once without using one’s hands.

Moreover, Beatrice and Roswaal were――,

Roswaal: [The cause of their crumbling is not the loss of their liiimbs~. Some of them are still alive even after having their vitals gouged out. Although they are humanoid in appearance, it is better not to think of them as living creeeatures~.]

Beatrice: [It’s not easy for anyone other than you to treat them like they’re not living creatures when they’re laughing, angry, and even talking, I suppose. ――Maybe it’s contingent on the accumulation of a certain amount of damage , in fact.]

Roswaal: [That’s quite an insulting assessment. I’ve spent a lot of time with all of you, and I think I’ve regained a lot of my humaaanity~. Some of them can be taken down with just one leg blown off. If the condition is just accumulating damage , it doesn’t add uuup~.]

Beatrice: [It’s a ridiculous argument to settle it as a simple difference in individual endurance, I suppose.]

Roswaal: [What other reason could there be? The flow of mana is uniform.]

Beatrice: [Indeed, it is uniform… Wait, in fact. It’s way too uniform, I suppose.]

While exchanging banter with each other, Roswaal and Beatrice’s investigation of the enemy progressed.

Surprisingly, as they discussed, the two of them checked the disposition of the undead who attacked them, using their respective areas of magical expertise.

Fire, wind, and purple arrows raged, and the undead were unable to get close to the two as they fought back-to-back.

Of course, Garfiel and Mizelda also attacked the undead to keep them away, but even without them, Roswaal and Beatrice would not be deterred.

Although he would not say it since Beatrice would absolutely hate it――,

Mizelda: [Those two couldn’t be more in sync .]

Garfiel: [We absolutely can’t let them hear that.]

As with Garfiel’s thoughts, Mizelda gave the exact same assessment.

While showing off coordination that could only be described like that, Beatrice, unaware of what they were thinking, lowered her eyebrows and called out “Roswaal!”

Beatrice: [Going to touch them just once, in fact.]

Roswaal: [――How reckless.]

After saying this, Beatrice lightly kicked the ground with her foot and jumped forward.

With a flutter of the hem of her dress, Beatrice’s small body soared like a feather. This was also an unnatural jump, her own weight eliminated by using Yin Magic.

As it was, Beatrice was headed for a single undead who had its back to her―― sensing Beatrice’s approach, it turned around to face her.

Roswaal: [Jiwald.]

A moment later, the undead’s right hand that held a sword was vaporized as it was about to strike Beatrice with it.

Roswaal was pointing at the undead. A white light that had emitted from his fingertip had burned the opponent’s arm. The undead was stiffened in astonishment, and Beatrice placed her hand on its forehead.

Then Beatrice’s distinctive patterned eyes widened,

Beatrice: [As expected, I suppose.]

Beatrice grumbled as her body was pulled away by an arm around her slender waist.

Holding Beatrice’s body close, Roswaal exchanged places with her and delivered a sharp fist with the arm opposite the one holding her, shattering the undead’s head before it could regain its composure.

Roswaal: [Good grief, I’m the one who is going to get scolded by Subaru-kun.]

Beatrice: [And it’s Betty who will get all the praise from Subaru, in fact. ――It’s Restoration Magic, I suppose.]

Roswaal: [――So that’s the reason.]

Roswaal, who had complained about Beatrice’s recklessness, closed his yellow eye at what he was told instead of an apology.

The current interaction with the undead gave Beatrice some kind of certainty. It seemed that Roswaal understood this in a few words, but unfortunately, Garfiel had no clue what it meant.

Garfiel: [Oi, I don’t understand at all! Explain it in a way that even Emilia-sama could understand!]

Beatrice: [Essentially, Emilia and Garfiel are about the same in terms of their comprehension, in fact. ――Now we know the structure of the zombies ‘ bodies and the mechanism behind it, I suppose.]

Garfiel: [Like I asked, the fuck does that mean?]

With gnashed teeth, Garfiel posed a question.

Garfiel was already aware of the existence of Restoration Magic. Magic that could restore damaged objects, of which he had heard could even restore burned books from ashes when employed by its best practitioners.

However, it was said that there were few users, and that there were also noticeable shortcomings, such as the need for exquisite magical precision and the tendency for restored items to deteriorate in quality.

And above all, life could never be restored. ――This was not restoration nor repair, but the forbidden realm of something like the Sacrament of the Immortal King that had been brought up a few times already.

Roswaal: [Teacher chose mana for her vessels, and I chose blood for mine. ――But, this enemy chose earth for their vessels, are they not bothered if the contents overflow?]

Roswaal, covering his mouth, spoke of the revelation that Beatrice had given him.

Even then, Garfiel’s understanding fell short of theirs, but he could intuit that it was a path that would lead to answers that were terribly disturbing and unpleasant even for Garfiel.

Disregarding Garfiel, Roswaal looked at Beatrice with a grim expression on his face.

Roswaal: [Beatrice, this isn’t the Sacrament of the Immortal King, right?]

Beatrice: […The basis is the same, but the approach is different, in fact. For the Sacrament of the Immortal King, the vessel comes first, and the soul second, I suppose. However, as for these zombies… ]

Roswaal: [The soul comes first, and the vessel after. ――The body changes form to suit the soul.]

At Roswaal’s comment, Beatrice nodded deeply.

As usual, Garfiel could not understand the crucial part of the exchange between the two. Garfiel, holding back his bitterness, suddenly could not believe his eyes.

Garfiel: [――――]

Roswaal was there with an expression that reflected even more anguish on his face than Garfiel did.

He had never imagined he could have this contorted expression on his face. ――Nay, Garfiel had hoped to punch him in the stomach someday, wanting to bring about an anguished face, but for a reason unrelated to Garfiel’s desire, Roswaal was in agony.

With that agony reflected in his eyes, Roswaal opened his mouth.

Roswaal: [——I think I might know who this “enemy” is.]

Garfiel: [——Eh, for real?! Then…]

Roswaal: [But, wait. That can’t be. After all, by my hand, she was…]

Gone was the composure he had just prior, and Roswaal’s voice was filled with hesitation and doubt.

At his demeanor of not stating things clearly, Garfiel blinked and then immediately bared his teeth. If it had been Garfiel himself, it was possible that some absurd idea would have popped up.

However, it was Roswaal, not Garfiel, who had come up with the thought.

Garfiel: [Bastard, this ain’t the time to be utterin’ such weakness.]

Roswaal: [————]

Beatrice: [Roswaal, clarify one thing, in fact.]

Garfiel leaned forward as if wanting to grab Roswaal by the collar. However, before his hand could stretch out in aggression, Beatrice’s voice struck the silent Roswaal.

Beatrice fixed her eyes on Roswaal, and after waiting for him to meet her gaze,

Beatrice: [The cause of your hesitation, is it related to Mother, I suppose?]

Roswaal: […Am I that easy to read?]

Beatrice: [Only matters related to Mother can upset you so much, in fact. Also, more recently, about Ram, I suppose.]

Roswaal: [I’m confident I’d be overcome by emotions if something happened to you as well.]

With that, Roswaal, who had responded with a wry smile, closed his eyes firmly and tightened his cheeks. Then, having pushed aside the hesitation and weakness from before, he opened his eyes and nodded.

Roswaal: [Beatrice’s observation is correct. The mechanism by which the zombies are revived without the original corpse is an application of Restoration Magic. The prerequisite for this is the invocation of the soul, which is an application of the Sacrament of the Immortal King.]

Beatrice: [Both Restoration Magic and the Sacrament of the Immortal King aren’t the kind of techniques that can be used immediately upon understanding the theory, in fact. To begin with, given the feat of combining such fundamentally different types of magic, it can’t be said that there are even a handful of geniuses who can do it, I suppose. Those who could do it would be…]

Roswaal: [——Of Teacher’s lineage. However, it cannot be Teacher. Therefore…]

The “Teacher” that Roswaal spoke of and the “Mother” that Beatrice spoke of were the same person, and by no means could it be said that that person was completely unrelated to Garfiel.

Although it could be confusing because there were multiple people with the same name, upon hearing the name of the Witch involved, Garfiel immediately understood.

A single word from Beatrice had cut through Roswaal’s agony, and his attitude of trying to admit what he did not want to admit might have also played a role in Garfiel’s understanding.

However——,

Mizelda: [——What a boorish gaze .]

Suddenly, Mizelda murmured in a low voice.

Because it was about the intricacies of magic, Mizelda, who probably could not keep up with the conversation between Roswaal and Beatrice any more than Garfiel, had given up on understanding the cause of Roswaal’s agony and was focusing solely on attacking the undead.

The woman had stopped in her tracks, and she was looking upwards with her fierce eyes narrowed in aggression.

Garfiel also looked towards the target of the hunter’s piercing gaze and choked up. Not only Garfiel, but Beatrice and Roswaal as well.

However, the reason behind the reactions from those three were slightly different.

For Garfiel, it was because he saw a familiar figure that should not have been there.

For Beatrice and Roswaal, it appeared that a more negative feeling was the reason.

——In the night sky, with long, fluttering pink hair , was a girl clad in black.

Her face was the same as the being Garfiel had admired ever since he could remember; however, with cold eyes that had never been directed at Garfiel, she was looking down at him.

Girl: [This was not desired, but implementation was successful… Seemingly, this world has recognized my existence as its own life.]

The familiar face murmured in a familiar voice, gently tracing the crack that ran through her face with her hand, glaring at Garfiel and the others through her golden irises.

In response, Roswaal swallowed his saliva with an audible gulp and opened his mouth.

Roswaal: [So, you were alive… Sphinx.]

Sphinx: [No, I am dead. ——Observation: Required.]

With an indifferent voice as if teasing, the girl with an appearance that looked exactly like Ryuzu, Garfiel’s grandmother——The Witch, Sphinx, with the face of an undead, declared so.

--- Chapter 18: Reunions Are but a Moment ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Her long pink hair fluttering, a young girl clad in black floated in the air.

The young girl of slightly elongated ears narrowed her slim eyes, that outward appearance serving as proof of her elven descent, a race loathed in this world.

However, those external features were, strictly speaking, a misperception.

The reason being that, upon pursuing the history of the young girl, the most peculiar fact about her would not be the elven part, but rather the way in which she had been born.

Using the elf, Ryuzu Meyer, as a model, a certain technique established in the Sanctuary had been used to produce replicants―― Constructed using mechanisms similar to the Artificial Spirits, each one was a brand new life.

Among the many such replicants produced, there was one evaluated as being the greatest failure.

That had betrayed the intentions of the Witch who had devised the technique and utilized the mechanisms, resulting in a large number of victims, and it was engraved into the history of the Kingdom as a major catastrophe.

――The artificial monster created as a result of Echidna, the Witch of Greed, failing to replicate her own existence; that was Sphinx.

Roswaal: [――――]

At the sight of the “enemy” floating in the night sky above him, Roswaal gasped.

The unexpected encounter with an enemy that should not exist brought no small shock to his psyche. ――No, let it be recognized without any pretenses.

It had been an utterly crushing blow, quite capable of causing Roswaal’s heart to fissure.

This was a reunion that should not have been possible.

Regarding the monster overhead, the one who was most cognizant of its existence was Roswaal. Indeed, he had actually faced Sphinx when she was wreaking havoc in the Demi-Human War.

Back then, the monster’s life should have been crushed by the fist of that generation’s Roswaal.

And yet――,

Sphinx: [Absence of four limbs, negative. Regarding memory, intact up to just prior. My form is… anchored in an unintended state. Self-awareness is troublesome, is it not? Countermeasures: Required.]

While stretching out her arms in mid-air, Sphinx muttered in a quiet voice.

Her golden irises and pale skin drained of color were unmistakably those of the undead, but she also possessed a stronger sense of self than any of the undead that Roswaal and the others had encountered thus far.

The presence of memories and sense of self from their lifetime; deciphering the degree to which that element varied between undead individuals was the reason why Roswaal and the others had come here―― But it was a mistake.

A mistake that spanned around forty years, at that.

Sphinx’s survival was a major blow to Roswaal, but what he lamented even more, was that Beatrice and Garfiel were also present here.

He should never have allowed them to meet.

Regardless of Sphinx’s true identity, for the “enemy” to have that appearance, an appearance which both Beatrice and Garfiel had emotional attachments to; he should have never, never allowed them to meet.

Hiding that regret behind a blink of his eyes, Roswaal clad his heart in armor, and without taking his gaze off Sphinx――,

Roswaal: [――Garfiel, you must not rush ahead.]

Garfiel: [――Beatrice, get behind me.]

Beatrice: [――Roswaal, calm down, in fact.]

All three simultaneously raised their voices towards another, and a moment of silence ensued.

If each of them had called out to the one they thought would be the most emotional, then all of them must have dealt with the initial shock and were now thinking ahead.

The exploration of the perceptions from Beatrice and Garfiel were postponed.

Mizelda: [Not only can it speak , it has a different air about it . That undead is special, right ?]

Unlike Roswaal and the others, Mizelda, who had no reason to stiffen, narrowed her eyes.

Drawing back his chin at her words, before Beatrice or Garfiel could hurl some words at Sphinx, Roswaal opened his mouth.

Roswaal: [I find it hard to believe, but have you been surviving as an undead ever since the Demi-Human War?]

Sphinx: [I sense a slight discrepancy in that phrasing. If the term “undead” is adequate, would the term “surviving” not be unsuitable?]

Roswaal: [I see. You have no intention of answering the question. ――As always, you tend to get on people’s nerves.]

Sphinx: [The form of your question was improper; I merely pointed it out.]

It was a reply that was nothing short of vexing, and yet, Sphinx’s expression showed no change.

From the very beginning, the girl was a monster without any semblance of emotion, so by becoming one of the undead, she had also lost what could be called the warmth of a heart. To be precise, it could be described as the coldness of a lifeless body.

But, the moment she took on that undead body, the sense of unease that Roswaal felt was unbearable.

This was employing the same mechanisms as the technique of producing replicants devised by the Witch of Greed, Echidna, as well as the Artificial Spirits, whose bodies were constructed using mana.

There were also the improvements that had been made to the Sacrament of the Immortal King, which he and Beatrice had hastily deciphered earlier.

Clearly, this monster had become an existence more dangerous than ever before.

Garfiel: [Bastard, what the hell are ya even, oi?]

Perhaps frustrated upon seeing the lack of progress in Roswaal’s exchange, Garfiel interjected.

The boy, his sharp canines clattering, and emerald-green eyes brimming with indignation,

Garfiel: [I know there’s others who look ‘n speak like Nanna. But ya see, I know everyone who’s got Nanna’s face by name, ‘n exactly where they’re at.]

Sphinx: [――――]

Garfiel: [So what the fuck are ya?]

Garfiel was talking about Ryuzu, the grandmother he loved dearly, and the replicants, who had the same manner of birth as her but lacked a sense of self due to not being assigned a role.

Even those replicants had been given names, and the Ryuzus who lived independently were now in charge of their education, hoping that one day they could be entrusted with carrying out duties for the Camp.

Anyhow, it seemed that through Garfiel’s intuition, he had discerned that Sphinx was not one of those, but rather, another that had been born in the same manner.

To Garfiel, she was no different from a blasphemous existence that tarnished his family. In response to the question from the fervent boy, Sphinx silently lowered her eyes, and,

Sphinx: [Since a short time ago, it seems the atmospheric mana has been disturbed by you two.]

Garfiel: [――Tch!]

She had completely ignored Garfiel’s presence.

As if the question had never even been asked, Sphinx’s gaze turned to Roswaal and Beatrice. At that fact, Garfiel’s throat clenched, and the intensity of the anger in his eyes grew.

Understanding Garfiel’s anger, Roswaal closed one eye. With only his yellow eye, he glared at Sphinx, torn between cursing at her and provoking her.

Beatrice: [There is a vague idea as to who you might be, I suppose.]

Roswaal: [Beatrice.]

Beatrice: [Be quiet, in fact, Roswaal. That thing came out while Betty was secluding herself in the Forbidden Library, so your silence about the matter will be overlooked for now, I suppose. But――]

Having been beaten to the punch by Beatrice as he was still choosing his words, Roswaal sighed.

She seemed to have discovered the reason why Roswaal had not disclosed the existence of Sphinx. Given that, Roswaal’s ineptitude would surely catch up with him later.

However, right now――,

Beatrice: [This time, you will not be able to get away, in fact.]

Raising her hand, Beatrice fixed her gaze on Sphinx with her round eyes. Meeting the strong determination in Beatrice’s eyes head-on, Sphinx nodded.

The monster, directing her hand towards Beatrice,

Sphinx: [I, too, have recognized the threat. Elimination: Required.]

With that, in the moment where words that should never have been spoken were voiced, the emotion in both Beatrice’s and Sphinx’s eyes slightly intensified――,

Roswaal: [――Please die.]

Faster than anyone, the inferno of the magic unleashed by Roswaal signaled the commencement of the battle.

△▼△▼△▼△

Stopping in the corridor of the coupled dragon carriage, Subaru glanced out the window with a sudden uneasiness.

The dim night sky stretched across the Empire’s plains, and praying for the safety of the little girl who had been sent there yonder, he placed his hand over his chest, and felt the faint beating of his heart.

Emilia: [Subaru, are you alright?]

And, noticing that state of Subaru’s, Emilia called out to him from beside.

Emilia narrowed her beautiful amethyst eyes as she gazed at him, and Subaru raised his hands saying, “Yeah, I’m okay”.

The discussions between the Emilia Camp, the leaders of the Vollachian Empire, and the Kararagi emissaries had come to a close, and experts were now exchanging ideas within numerical areas, such as calculating military potential and securing logistics.

He could be useful if a strategic breakthrough was required, but when it came to the pragmatic management of such a large number of people, Subaru could not help but feel that he lacked in ability.

Subaru: [Even in the Pleiades Battalion, that was left to Gustav-san and Idra…]

Emilia: [Yeah, I also know how Subaru feels. Honestly, I would like to be useful in these kinds of discussions… But I’d only be holding Otto-kun back.]

Subaru: [Rather, there’s gotta be something wrong with Ram and Otto who’ll stay back there and participate in such an intense discussion. Nee-sama aside, I think that guy’s lost the ability to feel fear.]

Emilia: [Geez, no matter how you put it, you’re exaggerating. Otto-kun is working reaaally hard for us.]

Emilia puffed up her cheeks at Subaru’s evaluation of the Camp’s all too-reliable internal affairs officer.

In this calm setting, as he faced Emilia, the joy of having been able to reunite with her, and the fact that she was still just as perfect for him as always, made his heart restless.

Seeing her every morning made his heart flutter, but after such a long time, the impact was tremendous.

Subaru: [How I wish I could fill my heart with praise for Emilia-tan’s adorableness today, but…]

Emilia: [Beatrice and Roswaal, you’re worried about them, right?]

Subaru: [Beako might be working herself too hard for my sake.]

When she correctly guessed why he had looked out the window into the sky beyond, Subaru gave a wry smile.

Though he had said it jokingly, it was no surprise that he had been greatly concerned. In reality, Beatrice had indeed departed with heavy breathing for Subaru’s sake.

Cooperation with Roswaal, with whom she had complicated feelings, was another of his worries.

Beatrice and Roswaal, who had been brought up in the conversation, had left the coupled dragon carriage and converged with a group performing a tactical delay on the enemy forces, and were conducting inspection of them.

That inspection was, precisely speaking, to ascertain the characteristics of the undead.

Subaru: [As a matter of fact, they’ll see if the zombies are being resurrected using the Sacrament of the Immortal King that we’ve heard so much about, or if it’s actually using magic…?]

Emilia: [Vollachia seems to have fewer magic users than Lugunica, so I’m sure there are things that only the well-versed Beatrice and Roswaal would notice. If they can explain what they find to Abel and his group, I think it’ll help.]

Upon having said that, Emilia tilted her head slightly,

Emilia: [Honestly, I wish I could have been helpful too… But, I’m not really knowledgeable in magic. I always just use it while going “Hiyaah!” after all…]

Subaru: [That’s because Emilia-tan is more of an intuitive person, you know. Your needs are different from those of the bookworm Beako or the otaku-type Roswaal. There are scenes where you really shine, so it’ll be alright. In fact, in my eyes, you’re always shining like the evening star!]

Emilia: [Sorry, I’ve got no idea what you’re talking about.]

He had tried to encourage Emilia, who was frustrated at not being able to help Beatrice and Roswaal, but his words came up short.

Nevertheless, it was fortuitous that Emilia and he were able to share their concerns in this way and not burden themselves with them.

To begin with, Beatrice and Roswaal were not the only ones Subaru was concerned about. He was worried about Garfiel, as well as everyone else from the Pleiades Battalion, who were all fighting in the same place.

Among the members of the battalion, only Tanza had remained on the coupled dragon carriages, while the rest of the members had temporarily disembarked and arranged to join the tactical delay force.

The members of the battalion were his comrades, who up until now, had all become one to overcome fierce battles.

Including Cecilus, who for some reason had still not converged with them no matter how much time had passed; Subaru trusted all of them.

Subaru: [But even so, worrying is worrying~! Please, everyone, don’t be too reckless or get too carried away…]

And so Subaru put his hands together in prayer.

???: [――Subaru, Emilia-sama, so this is where you were.]

Emilia: [Ah, Julius.]

The door that separated the aisle was opened, and Emilia raised her eyebrows at the handsome man who appeared from the other side of the door. Just as she had called, there appeared Julius, wearing a Knight’s sword over his traditional Japanese outfit.

After doing a small bow, he went right up to Subaru and Emilia, who were standing along the corridor, and then relaxed his lips, which had been somewhat stiff just a few moments prior,

Julius: [Back there, I was unable to exchange many words with you.]

Subaru: [Uh… yeah. I caused you, Anastasia-san, and Echidna all to worry. Really, thank you for coming all the way out here to find me.]

Julius: [――. How surprising.]

As soon as Subaru sincerely expressed gratitude to Julius and Anastasia for their efforts, Julius raised his eyebrows slightly in earnest, and,

Julius: [To think that you would so honestly express your gratitude. Perhaps it is because you are younger in age, and your stubbornness has been lessened in a way that is appropriate to your appearance?]

Subaru: [Shut it! There might be harm in that, but I’d at least say thank you even if I hadn’t shrunk! Just where do you think we even are? It’s hell!]

Emilia: [It’s Vollachia, not hell, right? Putting it like that is inconsiderate towards Abel and the others from the Empire.]

Subaru: [Oh, really? The majority of why I feel like this country is hell is because of the way that guy does things, so don’t I have the right to offend him?]

Of course, he thought that Abel had his own perspective, and it was not difficult to imagine that he went through trial and error trying to manage the Empire effectively in his own way. But, since the result of that was the agony that Subaru had experienced, he should have the right to say at least this much.

Emilia seemed at a loss as to what to say to Subaru’s complaints, and she must have felt, in no small part, that she could not deny what Subaru had to say.

Julius, on the other hand, while stroking the scar around his eye with his finger in response to Subaru’s scathing remarks,

Julius: […I thought this during the meeting earlier, but Subaru, what is your relationship with His Excellency the Emperor Vincent? Your language just now, it was far too excessive.]

Subaru: [If you say that was disrespectful, you’d faint if you found out what I did to that guy. I’ll say this now, but I’m not acting out because I have special privileges as a kid. In fact, the reason I’m like this is because that guy wasn’t able to keep the reins on that old man.]

Julius: [I am too fearful to even imagine. Emilia-sama, have you any details about what happened?]

Emilia: [Yeah. You’re talking about how Subaru and Abel are reaaally a lot closer than expected, right? At first I was worried if the two of them would get along… but honestly, Subaru makes friends very quickly.]

Subaru: [Friends, hmmm…]

With regret for Emilia, who boasted as if it were her own accomplishment, Subaru was subtly pondering where to place Abel’s presence among his relationships.

At the very least, despite the fact that they had beat each other up while spilling their hearts, it was not as if they were a couple of delinquents who fought each other in a riverbed and immediately warmed up to each other.

Julius: [――. Subaru, have you decided on whether you think of me as your friend?]

Subaru: [Huh? Well, that’s, um, I guess so? I used to think it was questionable, but for the time being, we crossed the Sand Sea together, so we’re good, I think? I think we’re good.]

Julius: [I see, that is a relief. This is the second-best thing to hear after the report that you, Emilia-sama, and the others were all safe.]

With an exaggerated joke, Julius’s doubts were resolved for the time being.

However, that was only the start of things considering Subaru’s current situation, which at a glance was obvious to anyone. Subaru’s biggest problem had not yet been solved.

Julius: [Subaru, about your body…]

Subaru: [The old shinobi did it to me. You should also give it a try. I’d like to see it.]

Julius: [I will refrain. I do not really want to face my younger self. Rather, someone like Anastasia-sama or Emilia-sama would have been quite adorable when they were children.]

Subaru: [Emilia-tan’s younger self! Oh yeah! Why didn’t I think of that!]

Emila: [Me? Hmmm, I don’t know. I saw my younger self in the Sanctuary, and I think the current Subaru and Beatrice are cuter.]

Emilia, who did not rate herself highly, would say as much, but there was no way that could be true.

Since the grown-up Emilia was this beautiful, she must have been a beautiful little girl even when she was young. That was, she might have been evenly matched with Beatrice――.

Julius: [Nevertheless, hearing you speak like that, I am relieved. It seems the path to returning you to normal has already been set.]

With Julius’s words, Emilia also nodded, saying “That’s right”.

Being taller than Subaru, she placed her hand on his shoulder from behind and,

Emilia: [The old man who made Subaru tiny also seems to be one of Abel’s allies. Right now he’s out there fighting the “ zombees “, so when he comes back, we’ll have to ask him to return Subaru back to normal. And then…]

Subaru: [Ahhh, actually, there’s something I need to tell you about that.]

Emilia: [――?]

Feeling slightly uncomfortable, Subaru glanced back at Emilia, who was standing directly behind him. Emilia, who was resting her hand on Subaru’s shoulder, widened her eyes at his words.

Julius, who was facing him, also furrowed his brows. Subaru, while scratching his own cheek with a finger, said,

Subaru: [I plan on not returning to my original size even after Olbart-san returns. I think it’ll be more convenient to stay in this small form for the time being.]

Emilia: [Eh!? Why? Ah, could it be because a child’s body needs less food to eat? If that’s the case, I can share my side dishes with you…]

Subaru: [Your concern is incredibly cute, but it’s not that.]

Shaking his head, Subaru gently dismissed Emilia’s assumption. In response to Subaru’s reply, Julius wore a serious expression, narrowing his yellow eyes,

Julius: [It is you after all. So it must be something you think is necessary…]

Subaru: [Ah. I haven’t introduced them to you or Anastasia-san, but I became comrades with some people from Vollachia, the members of the Pleiades Battalion.]

Julius: [Pleiades…]

Because of the existence of the Pleiades Watchtower, Julius was alert to the sound of its name. However, not wanting to interrupt, he disregarded the doubt and urged Subaru to continue.

Nodding to that concern, Subaru continued.

Subaru: [When the members of the Battalion, I don’t know all the details, but when all of us, including me, unite our feelings as one, we become incredibly strong. It’s not just emotional strength or anything.]

Julius: [――. Emilia-sama?]

Emilia: [Hm, that seems to be true. That girl called Tanza-chan and Subaru’s other friends are all reaaally strong and fight very hard.]

Subaru: [And, I’ve been lying to all those friends. ――The lie that I am the Emperor’s son.]

Even with Emilia’s affirmation, the words that followed had Julius staring in astonishment. Emilia, also taken aback, placed a hand over her mouth which had gasped out an “Ah”.

Emilia: [That reminds me, you did say that you introduced yourself like that… Um, but, Vollachia is not where you were born, right Subaru?]

Subaru: [Ahh, of course not. My hometown isn’t like this hell. It’s more harmonious, all love and peace .]

Julius: […Even in the Fortified City, I heard talk of a black-haired Crown Prince. When I heard “black hair”, I did somewhat think of you.]

Subaru: [Just so you know, Abel’s the one who came up with it, so please direct your complaints over there. Anyway, it’s important that everyone in the Battalion believes in it. That’s why…]

When departing from the Gladiator Island, Subaru made his companions, who he had persuaded to go with him, believe that he was the son of the Vollachian Emperor.

Today, the foundation of the Pleiades Battalion’s unity rested heavily upon that lie. He was not going to leave things like this forever, Subaru had not wanted to continue lying to them.

For, when the unprecedented Great Disaster that was shaking the Vollachian Empire was resolved, Subaru would return to his normal size and, together with Emilia and Rem and the rest of the Camp, they would make a triumphant return to the Kingdom of Lugunica.

And if Subaru and the others were to finish this battle with an overwhelming victory, the Pleiades Battalion’s assistance was surely needed.

Subaru: [That’s why I can’t go back yet. I have to be the Natsuki Schwartz who everyone in the battalion believes in. At least until this battle to take back the Empire is over.]

Emilia: [Subaru…]

Tightly clenching the small fists that he had become accustomed to seeing, Subaru clearly stated his decision.

Until declaring as such to Emilia and Julius like this, Subaru had also been unsure of what to do.

It was a matter of course, but his larger form was more his body than his smaller form. He had a strong desire to get back to his original body, to hold Beatrice in his arms lightly, and to talk with Emilia at the same eye level.

But, that yearning of Subaru’s could not be compared to what was truly necessary.

Julius: [――. Truly, regardless of where you are or what form you take, you remain the same.]

Hearing Subaru’s resolve, Julius spoke as he let out a small exhale. He brushed his bangs back with his hand, and looking at Subaru with a look of equal parts wonder and understanding,

Julius: [You force the most difficult and unexpected decisions to be made. Be that for yourself or someone else.]

Subaru: […It isn’t such an admirable resolve. “I want to be a child for a while longer”, that’s the kind of determination you’d hear in a Showa-era song.]

Told such by Julius as he faced him, Subaru replied feeling somewhat embarrassed. Then, a hand was gently placed on Subaru’s head, he turned his head and found his gaze meeting a pair of amethyst eyes.

Emilia lowered the ends of her eyebrows and looked affectionately at Subaru.

Emilia: [You’re going to get me worried again by doing that, Subaru.]

Subaru: [Uh, I don’t really have an excuse for that. No, I really want to return to my normal body and flirt with Emilia, you know? But…]

Emilia: [I know. You’ve thought about it a lot, and chose what you thought was the best option, right? I also feel the same as Julius, that’s just who you are.]

A flustered Subaru moved his hands up and down, and Emilia smiled at him as he panicked. She placed her hand on Subaru’s head and this time, poked Subaru’s nose with her finger, continuing, “But you know,”

Emilia: [No matter how small you are, I know that you will still be you. Even if you don’t revert from being tiny, I’ll reaaally keep waiting for you until you grow big again.]

Subaru: [All the same, I’d also like to avoid being unable to go back to normal, but… Huh, what did you just…?]

Emilia: [――?]

With a gentle manner and tone of voice, it made Subaru’s eyes blink as he felt like he had been told something incredible. But, the person who had said that to him, perhaps not understanding the meaning of Subaru’s reaction, tilted her head curiously with a face that was completely innocent.

No, even just tilting her head to the side made him embarrassed. She had an incredible temptress inside of her.

Emilia: [――――]

Feeling the red color involuntarily rising in his cheeks, Subaru looked to Julius for help. However, he shrugged his shoulders at Subaru’s gaze and heartlessly brushed aside the latter’s dependence.

He cursed at the unreliable Julius in his mind, thinking that maybe they were not friends after all, and looked around regretting his earlier judgment――,

???: [Huh?]

And, just as a girl entered the corridor from one of the cabins, his gaze collided head-on with hers, as she stared directly at him.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Huh?]

Yes, it was a girl with blue hair and light blue eyes who had called out to Subaru and the others―― and as soon as Subaru saw her, his face lit up.

Subaru: [Rem, great. I wanted to talk to you too.]

When Rem showed up, Subaru’s mind was whisked away from the events that had just taken place.

Subaru, who had lost consciousness after the trouble in the Capital with Emilia, Beatrice, and others, had not had the time to talk with Rem.

After the confrontation with Abel and telling Katya what needed to be said, Subaru left her in Rem’s hands and went straight to discussions.

That discussion had come to a close, and then they finally met again.

Subaru: [Well, what about Katya-san? Has she calmed down?]

Rem: [――. Because the circumstances are what they are, that won’t happen so easily. However, she has now tired out herself crying and has fallen asleep, so her brother is looking after her by her side.]

Subaru: [I see. Oh, yeah. I’m sorry to entrust you with such a difficult role.]

Rem: […I did it because I wanted to do it. Um, by the way…]

Responding to Subaru in front of her, Rem’s tone of voice lowered slightly. Subaru tilted his head and wondered what was going on.

But before Rem could speak a word――,

Julius: [――Miss Rem, you are awake!]

Yes, Julius, surprised by Rem’s presence, was quicker to speak up.

His eyes widened, and his voice burst with honest surprise and joy, and Subaru nodded with a “That’s right!”.

Subaru: [My bad. I should have told you, Anastasia-san, and Echidna. Rem woke up after we got separated from everyone else. But…]

Julius: [I have no recollection of Miss Rem. So her circumstances are the same as mine?]

Subaru: [Not only that, but she’s in a hybrid situation similar to Crusch-san.]

Julius: […Then, she has no memories?]

At Subaru’s explanation, Julius’s shapely brow furrowed.

He quickly realized that it was not a situation to rejoice openly, and seemed to be at a loss as to what to say. But once he closed his eyelids, upon opening them, he regained his fearless expression,

Julius: [Miss Rem, I apologize for the unexpected manner in which I addressed you. I am Julius Juukulius… and I am a Knight in the service of a certain person and a friend of Subaru.]

Rem: [You are his, friend…]

Subaru: [The emphasis on that makes me want to protest, but yes. He’s one of them. One of the people who helped me a lot when you wouldn’t wake up, Rem.]

Rem: [That is――]

Rem raised her eyebrows in surprise when she was told of his relationship with Julius, who bowed graciously. Taking a moment to pause in surprise, Rem also bowed her head in response.

Rem: [Thank you for your concern. I can’t say I’m at full strength yet, but for the time being, I am able to stand and walk on my own feet just fine.]

Julius: [That makes it all the better. For yourself and for everyone around you who was thinking of you.]

Rem: [――Yes.]

It was tempting for Subaru to swear at him, as usual, for his carefree and thoughtful way of speaking, but in front of Rem, who had put her hand on her chest and nodded softly, it was impossible to say such a reproachful thing.

Anyway, he was glad to be able to tell Julius that Rem was now awake. Later, he would have to tell Anastasia and the others.

Subaru: [But I’m really glad that Anastasia-san and the others came to the Empire so that I could see Rem like this. You guys were also worried about us.]

Julius: [Yes. Anastasia-sama was also deeply concerned. Although Miss Rem will not remember it, as someone who traveled with her, I am truly pleased.]

Emilia: [Yeah, I think so, too. It’s all thanks to Subaru’s hard work.]

So said a smiling Emilia, patting Subaru’s head once more.

Because of the height difference, it was easy for her to pet him, but being petted like this over and over again made him feel like a child, and it was very frustrating.

It felt very good, but his manly heart did not want to allow Emilia to treat him like a child.

Subaru: [E-Emilia-tan, don’t dote on me so much.]

Emilia: [I think you’re cute, but I’m not trying to be overly affectionate, you know? I do think Subaru is splendid. As expected of my Knight.]

Rem: [Hah?]

Emilia: [What?]

And, just as Emilia was petting Subaru’s head like that, there was a sharp voice unexpectedly released, and Emilia’s hand stopped.

Emilia’s eyes widened, and she saw Rem facing her across from Subaru.

It was Rem, with her pale blue eyes, who stared at Emilia’s hand placed on Subaru’s head.

Emilia: [Rem? Is everything okay?]

Rem: [No, there’s something I’m a little confused about. Emilia-san, can I check something?]

Emilia: [Check something? Yeah, go ahead and shoot…]

Subaru: [Who even says, “go ahead and shoot” these days…]

With one side placing her hand on his head, and the other having her hand placed on his head, Subaru and Emilia tilted their heads in unison at Rem’s words.

Rem looked at Subaru and Emilia alternately with a suspicious look,

Rem: […What kind of relationship do you two have?]

Emilia: [Subaru and I?]

Subaru: [Emilia-tan and I?]

Subaru and Emilia exchanged looks at each other in response to Rem’s question.

Indeed, as it stood, Rem had just reunited with everyone in the Emilia Camp, and although he was told that an understanding of her relationship with Ram had been reached, beyond that, there were no further details yet.

If that were true, maybe they should do this where everyone was present――,

Subaru: [Right. To put it simply, Emilia-tan is the top of our Camp, the future Monarch of a country called the Kingdom of Lugunica.]

Emilia: [I’m still working on becoming one, so I’m a Candidate. And so, Subaru is my number one ally, my Knight.]

Rem: [Your number one ally…]

Subaru: [Yeah, I’m doing everything I can to make my Emilia-tan’s dream come true.]

Emilia: [Yes, he’s doing his best. Although I’m not his, Subaru is mine.]

Subaru’s proud words were answered by Emilia’s bashful response. Thereupon Rem, having heard their answer, put her hand on her forehead.

Then, after she pondered it for a while,

Rem: [Excuse me. This is confusing, is it me?]

Julius: [――. No, I do not think it is you, Miss Rem. Though that is coming from a third party’s perspective.]

Rem: [Thank you for that…]

For some reason, Julius answered Rem in such a manner, the latter seeming like she was troubled by something.

It was not clear why Julius, who was an outsider to the Camp, seemed to have such an understanding attitude when not only Subaru, but also Emilia, did not understand Rem’s confusion.

Emilia: [Maybe I just said way too much about Lugunica to the current Rem…]

Subaru: [I’ve told her bits and pieces of it here and there beforehand… Perhaps, Priscilla may have told her some unnecessary things in Guaral…]

Julius: [Wait. Why is Priscilla-sama’s name being mentioned here? I find it hard to believe, but is Priscilla-sama also here in the Vollachian Empire?]

Rem: [Um, would it be alright if we dealt with my confusion first?]

In seeking to resolve the questions that had been raised before, new questions had emerged, so they were on the brink of going around in circles.

For the moment, there was a struggle to decide on the priority of questions, with the feeling that there were too many topics that needed to be properly discussed with Julius and Anastasia and the others.

The first and foremost priority, though, should have been to clear up Rem’s confusion, but――,

Subaru: [――――]

As he and Emilia were trying to find a solution to Rem’s confusion, Subaru’s attention was suddenly drawn to something that passed slightly out of the corner of his eye.

It was something outside the window, descending from the night sky to the field in a flash.

Emilia: [Subaru?]

As Subaru’s eyes widened involuntarily, Emilia’s questioning voice called out to him. Putting off responding to her, Subaru rushed to the window and peeked outside.

Normally, Subaru would never ignore Emilia’s call. However, right now, rather than responding to it, he gave priority to confirming the glimpse of what he just saw.

His eyes strained at the landscape as it passed by, and he re-focused his vision on the thing that had descended from the night sky.

That was――,

Subaru: [――What are they doing here?]

A person who should not be here; pulling it out from the fringes of his memory, Subaru blinked his eyes repeatedly, and would vocalize that name.

The person present there who was supposed to be living a peaceful life in the Kingdom of Lugunica――,

Subaru: [――Ryuzu-san?]

???: [――――]

There was probably no way she could have heard Subaru’s whisper.

Despite the distance and volume of his voice, which should have been impossible to hear, Subaru’s eyes met those of the small figure heading towards him, and he instinctively sensed that they had both perceived each other.

With her eyes still locked with Subaru’s, the small figure moved its lips and said something.

Subaru leaned forward to try and hear what it was――,

Subaru: [――Ah.]

――Immediately following, a white light rained down upon the coupled dragon carriages, engulfing Natsuki Subaru and most of the occupants onboard, utterly blowing them away.

--- Chapter 19: Valga Cromwell’s Stratagem ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

The battle began forcibly with a salvo from the impatient Roswaal.

Roswaal: [――Please die.]

And then, in contrast to those cold words, a scorching inferno erupted as if burning the sky to nothing.

The flames furiously blazed, spreading across the night sky all at once. The inflamed sky caught the eyes of everyone, including the warriors who were still fighting against the undead with their lives on the line.

Even though the goal was just to reduce a single enemy to ashes, this was overkill.

Beatrice: [An act of barbarity akin to burning down a whole mansion in order to kill a small insect in a room, I suppose.]

Burning down a mansion to accomplish an objective was a reckless act that only Petra and Otto would dare to do.

If not for that resolve of theirs, she may have never mustered up the courage to leave the Forbidden Library; Beatrice was secretly grateful for that, but she still thought it was overdoing things.

With his first strike, Roswaal demonstrated that his overkill would not fall short of that of those two.

However――,

???: [Threat level recognized, Adjustment: Required.]

After evading through the air to escape from the burning night sky, the enemy―― Sphinx, was still going strong.

Even though they had gone through the trouble of burning down the mansion, it would be meaningless if the small insect that had been targeted were to escape. In this case, it seemed like Roswaal had only scorched the sky and startled everyone around without achieving anything.

That was, if Roswaal were the only person present here.

Beatrice: [El Minya.]

With her pink hair fluttering as she soared freely through the sky, Sphinx had been floating in the path of shimmering flashes of deep purple that had suddenly appeared. It was the pinnacle of magic that had the power to freeze the time of the target and shatter it.

It was a deadly attack that had already been verified to be the most effective against the undead.

Beatrice: [It is not good that no one except Subaru and Betty can cultivate Yin Magic, in fact.]

Against an army of undead, there would have been nothing to fear with a full line-up of Yin Magic users.

Even Beatrice, who had lived such a long time, had never witnessed a scene where more than ten Yin Magic users were all assembled in one place, so she knew it would be an impossible proposition.

With such useless thoughts, Beatrice preemptively killed all hesitation within herself.

――In order to strike down the loathsome “enemy” who wore the same face as Ryuzu Meyer.

Beatrice: [Ryuzu…]

Ryuzu Meyer’s fleeting smile passed through Beatrice’s mind.

Unlike the Ryuzus, who Garfiel and Frederica dearly loved as their grandmothers, Ryuzu Meyer, their progenitor, was Beatrice’s first lifelong friend.

At the time, she had been unable to recognize that. She had been far too late in recognizing that.

But, it was different now. Now, Beatrice could fully accept the magnitude of her presence. That was precisely why an “enemy” that took this form, as far as Beatrice was concerned――,

Beatrice: [Betty has gotten angry, I suppose!]

As Beatrice howled, she saw Sphinx charging head-on into the unleashed purple arrows.

The eyes of the “enemy” narrowed briefly as she raised both of her hands in front of her face, and white light shot out from all ten of her fingers, clearing away all the Minyas that stood in her way.

With nary a sound of shattering, the deep purple crystals had been blown apart into pieces―― But, that would not be enough to destroy Beatrice’s frustration.

Sphinx: [――Hk.]

Although Sphinx had supposedly dismissed the threat, her expression slightly contorted.

The reason being, the deep purple crystals she had cleared away had turned into flying shrapnel in their shattered state, spreading out and chasing down the fast-flying Sphinx.

Beatrice: [Magic is an image , as soon as you think you’ve stopped it, it all goes wrong, in fact.]

However, the crystalline arrow shape that represented Minya was not what was important. It was about the effect of freezing and shattering the time of the person it struck.

Indeed, even if it did not have the shape of an arrow, as long as it pierced the opponent, the form and size did not matter.

Hence, the flying shrapnel of Beatrice, with her competitive spirit alight, would not allow Sphinx to escape.

And then――,

Sphinx: [Threat level recognized, once again, Adjustment: Requi――]

???: [――Yer a hundred years too late to rethink this.]

Evading the flying Minya that would turn her to stone as she strenuously tried to escape, directly next to Sphinx was the malicious countenance of Garfiel, who had leapt off the ground with a kick.

His eyes sharp, his fangs bared, Garfiel roared like a ferocious beast, and swung his refined arms with a mighty swing in an attempt to hit Sphinx with all his might.

For a moment, Garfiel’s and Sphinx’s gazes met.

Garfiel’s hesitation to strike his fist into an opponent with the same face as that of his grandmother made his heart――,

Garfiel: [Compared to Nanna, the smell of yer heart is completely fuckin’ different――!!]

Such outfield concerns were unnecessary for the dependable military officer of the Emilia camp.

A fist was unleashed, striking Sphinx’s cheek; the girl’s body was shot from the air straight into the ground, and the fist continued to press her against the ground with tremendous force.

There was a thunderous crash and a cloud of dust that rose as if a large rock had fallen; Beatrice could see Sphinx’s body flutter like a leaf on the other side of Garfiel’s arm.

Garfiel’s blow was one of pure fury, void of any semblance of mercy or hesitation.

Were she to suffer a direct hit, even one shot would likely reduce Beatrice to Mana; Sphinx was blown away as she rolled behind the plume.

Roswaal: [It’s a three-person encirclement. That was some nice teamwork , waaasn’t~ it?]

Beatrice: [Says the guy who lost his temper first, I suppose.]

Garfiel: [ Teamwork with ya is fuckin’ disgustin’.]

As Roswaal shrugged his shoulders, as if to say that he was completely unperturbed, Beatrice and Garfiel each responded with abusive language.

Receiving such cold treatment, Roswaal shrugged his shoulders once more.

And then――,

???: […Once again, threat level… recognized. Adjustment… Required.]

So Sphinx muttered while her body on the ground moved slowly, with the plume beginning to settle.

Felled to the ground and coated in dirt, Sphinx did not show any expression of pain, but it was clear that she had accumulated damage from the sound of her voice.

Sphinx: [――――]

Still, her golden irises shone as she trained her gaze on the three of them.

They were not filled with feelings of hostility or anger, but rather a monstrous gaze of intelligence that saw them as nothing but targets of her curiosity.

Garfiel: [Tch, don’t like this.]

Like Beatrice, Garfiel felt a chill go down his spine at the gaze of his enemy and clicked his tongue. Roswaal narrowed his eyes in silence as well, and began to knead mana within himself in obvious discomfort.

Once again, Roswaal gave a sidelong glance wondering if he should rush ahead, and Beatrice glared at Sphinx as she stood up, then immediately moved forward.

Acting as the representative for the unreliable pair, she would try and divine her true intentions――,

Beatrice: [Sphinx, Betty dares to call you out, in fact. Just what are you――]

Thinking? ; It happened when Beatrice tried to finish her question.

Sphinx: [――――]

Now standing up, Sphinx’s body trembled, and her gaze fell on her own chest.

From Sphinx’s small chest protruded the tip of a blade. It was a deadly blade that had stabbed her in the back and jutted out of her chest.

And, the one who was holding the blade was――,

???: [I have a bad feeling about this girl . There are no reasons to keep her alive .]

Mizelda, who had stated so in a brutal manner, pulled out the dagger that had stabbed her, and then stabbed her again.

After three concentrated stabs had bored through the back and chest, she grabbed Sphinx by the hair and forced her head upward, then mercilessly slit her neck with a dagger held in a backhand grip.

It was the body of an undead. No blood was spilled, but there was no doubt that all of it was lethal.

Sphinx’s body also fell forward onto her knees, then collapsed face down.

Beatrice: [Y-y-you… Hk.]

Beside the collapsed Sphinx, Mizelda made sure that no blood had gotten on her knife; upon witnessing this, Beatrice was frozen still as she stared with widened eyes, at a complete loss for words.

Roswaal and Garfiel were also left speechless at Mizelda’s actions.

Mizelda tilted her head, beautiful and with eyes that conveyed a strong impression as it was, at the state of the three of them,

Mizelda: [I know that she had a history with you guys . But, speak at her grave . That’s the battlefield custom .]

Garfiel: [Well, I guess that’s true…]

It was a blunt outlook, but Garfiel resigned himself to the fact that it was irrefutable.

Beatrice had been frequently surprised by the sense of values in Vollachia, but she had altered her perception of their severity, believing her perception to have been naive still.

Roswaal: [Sphinx.]

Roswaal, ignoring Beatrice’s and Garfiel’s turmoil, stepped forward. He looked down at the collapsed Sphinx and called out her name in a sidelong glance that showed little emotion.

Mizelda’s blow, a fatal one, was evident not only in the location of the wounds, but also in the way Sphinx’s body crumbled.

Most of her lower body had already been reduced to dust, and the girl’s face, on which cracks had been present from the start, was beginning to crumble away, and it would only be a matter of time before her whole body was shattered to pieces.

However, Sphinx’s life force as an undead had yet to be exhausted.

She had no power to counterattack or struggle in vain, but she had enough energy remaining to move her golden irises and look back toward Roswaal, who was looking down at her.

Roswaal: [――――]

Even though he knew she was a different person inside, it still pained his heart to see Ryuzu’s appearance crumble.

What Roswaal was feeling was probably different from Beatrice’s sentimentality, but Mizelda’s thorough realism had gotten in the way, and perhaps deprived her of the means to alleviate that sentimentality.

In any case, the main culprit behind the anguish of Beatrice, Garfiel, and Roswaal was――,

Sphinx: […Deliberation, should have been: Required.]

In the midst of her body crumbling, one could hear Sphinx mumbling, never showing any signs of pain on her face.

At first, Beatrice thought those were words lamenting her own lack of ability.

Sphinx: [――For you three.]

However, the words that followed indicated otherwise.

Beatrice caught her breath at the added words, and Garfiel groaned, “Huh?”

Beatrice, as well, was not quite sure of their true meaning. But, she could sense that it was not a throwaway line that could be ignored.

From there――,

Roswaal: [――Damn it!]

Roswaal looked up as if he had been played.

He had a look of impatience and remorse on his face, and turned around toward the rear. ――Back behind, to the sky he had flown through with Beatrice, towards the coupled dragon carriages that were still advancing forward.

Likewise, drawn in by Roswaal’s unease, Beatrice also turned to face there.

Then, while she was struck by the turmoil in her own small chest,

Beatrice: [――Subaru.] So she had called out his name.

△▼△▼△▼△

An instant, yes, everything happened in an instant.

Having taken notice of something out of place, immediately after he vocalized his doubts, everything had been engulfed by a white light.

Emilia, who was by his side, Rem, and even Julius, none of them were given a chance to react. Naturally, Subaru was also unable to do anything as the white light swallowed everything up, and vanished.

Natsuki Subaru immediately intuited what that meant.

――That his life had been expended, and Return by Death had been invoked.

As proof of that――,

???: [――I love you.]

As if to say that she would never let him go again having found him once, he heard the whisper of her voice.

???: [Um, would it be alright if we dealt with my confusion first?]

The moment that he heard that voice, filled with equal parts astonishment and exhaustion along with a tinge of irritation, Subaru flipped on the “Ready, GO!” switch inside of him.

Subaru: [――――]

Verifying his footing and the situation around him, he discerned the specific moment from the faces that were present.

The scene was in a corridor of the coupled dragon carriages, when Rem had joined in on the conversation he was having with Emilia and Julius. From the flow of the conversation, Subaru’s last remark was “Perhaps, Priscilla may have told her some unnecessary things in Guaral…”, which was made in deliberation over Rem’s state. Towards the front of the coupled dragon carriages, Abel, Otto, and some others were working through the details regarding military potential. Beatrice had been sent off quite far away together with Roswaal, and they were taking an approach from a magical perspective in order to find means to counter the undead. The two were headed to the place where Garfiel and the People of Shudraq were fighting hard, alongside all the members of the Pleiades Battalion who should have also been there. The feeling akin to a prayer for nobody to get seriously injured, along with the faith that if it was them, they would be alright, caused his heart to feel obstreperous.

――With that, having flipped the switch, Subaru ran through everything up to that point in an instant.

???: [Subaru?]

In a surprised voice, Emilia called out Subaru’s name. For a moment, her eyes must have caught the rapid movement of Subaru’s eyes darting round and round.

Once before, after having seen Subaru in the same state, Tanza had pointed it out.

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama’s eyes were darting around all over the place. It was, um, eerie.]

That was Tanza’s comment, choosing her words carefully and yet still unable to find the right ones, concerning Subaru’s unusual behavior as he endeavored to grasp the situation immediately after Returning by Death.

Having laid eyes upon the same thing, Emilia’s reaction being much more reserved was understandable.

Anyway――,

Subaru: [Emilia, wait a sec.]

As he raised his hand to avoid being questioned, Subaru’s awareness was sharpened to a knife’s edge.

In an environment where retrying upon death was a given, the very intuition that had been essential in ensuring the survival of everyone on the Gladiator Island enveloped Subaru, and in order to investigate the cause that brought about his Death, his concentration was exerted to its utmost limit.

This was no time to be fussing over overly sluggish thoughts such as “Did I just die?”.

Without the intuition that could catch up to reality by saying “If I just died…”, he would never be able to arrive at a solution.

It was absolutely essential for him to understand that if he could not make that switch quickly, it would cause Subaru and those around him to lose their lives twice as many times.

Rem: [――? Um…]

Emilia: [Rem, please.]

Next to Subaru, who was concentrating, Rem with her eyebrows slightly knitted looked at him with questioning eyes. But, Emilia stopped her from questioning with a gesture of her hand, as if holding her back.

Meanwhile, Subaru had finished correlating his Death with the events just prior to Returning by Death――,

Subaru: [――――]

Outside the window of the coupled dragon carriage as it ran, he once again caught sight of the foreign object blending into the landscape.

Instantly, Subaru jumped toward the window of the dragon carriage and,

Subaru: [――Julius! Outside!]

Julius: [Understood!]

Emilia and Rem had felt the sudden change in Subaru, and naturally, so did Julius.

The fact that he had sprung into action with nary a moment’s hesitation upon Subaru’s call was proof of that. Behind Subaru as he jumped towards the window, Julius drew his Knight’s sword, slashing the wall of the corridor with a diagonal swipe, and extended his long leg, kicking it down.

Then, carrying Subaru under his arm, he leaped outside of the effective range of the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion from the numerous ground dragons.

Julius: [Leave the landing to me!]

Subaru: [I’m counting on you.]

The moment they exited the Divine Protection’s range, fierce winds and inertia battered Subaru and Julius. But, Subaru passed all the preparations for survival over to Julius, who took it upon himself.

Two Quasi Spirits of hues yellow and green gently emerged around Julius, with one turning into a blanket of wind and the other turning the ground into a cushion to support their landing.

Julius’s technique, woven together by his renewed bond with his Quasi Spirits, was masterful, however, Subaru’s attention was not drawn to it in the slightest. [1]

Even when the window he had jumped through was cut off alongside the wall, even when he elegantly landed in through the wind storm that followed, his gaze remained fixed on a single point―― the girl who was descending from the sky.

Subaru: [I knew it, the same as Ryuzu-san…]

With her pink hair and black robes, she was identical to the lovely, elderly lady Ryuzu. But, no matter how much Emilia and the others were worried about Subaru and Rem, they would not have dragged Ryuzu to the Vollachian Empire.

In other words, that could not have been the real Ryuzu, nor was there any possibility that it was any of the replicants, like Pico or the others, all of whom took the same form as Ryuzu.

In order to tell them apart, they had all been given different hairstyles, individual ribbons, and hair ornaments. The fact that none of those were present meant that it could not be any of them.

Subaru: [Julius! It’s that girl! Seize her!]

Subaru shouted, pointing to the fake Ryuzu in the air, before they had even landed on the ground.

Hearing Subaru’s request, Julius also spotted the girl blending into the night sky. Leaving all questions about who or what she was doing behind, the Finest jumped into action.

Dropping Subaru on the soft soil beneath his feet, Julius’s body was enveloped in the remnants of the blanket of wind, using it as a foothold to leap through the air and advance towards the fake Ryuzu in a straight line.

Because of his extraordinary momentum, the fake Ryuzu also recognized him as a threat.

That instant, he realized that the eyes of the fake Ryuzu shone a brilliant golden radiance even at night, and understood that she was a pale-skinned undead, something he had not been able to recognize from a distance.

Without any delay, the fake Ryuzu directed her hand towards Julius, and as she was about to unleash an abominable white light at Julius――,

Julius: [――In, Ness, lend me your strength.]

A white light, different to the one alight on the fake Ryuzu’s fingertips, made Julius’s whole body faintly luminescent, and in turn, a black light faintly enveloped the fake Ryuzu’s whole body.

The moment it became clear that Yang Magic and Yin Magic were being simultaneously employed by the two Quasi Spirits respectively, Julius’s sword flashed, and the strength drained from the fake Ryuzu’s arm, which had been housing light.

Fake Ryuzu: [Explanation: Required.]

Julius: [I cut the tendon in your shoulder. Of course, it will likely reconnect soon…]

Julius sincerely replied to the fake Ryuzu, who asked the reason for the lack of strength in her arm. At the end of his answer, Julius twisted in mid-air, and his long, howling leg struck the floating girl, knocking her body to the ground.

At the spot where the fake Ryuzu fell, the ground transformed together with a yellow light. The ground, which had become viscous, softly and deeply received the girl’s body, and then hardened all at once.

As a result, the fake Ryuzu was stuck, as if wrapped in a quilt made of stone.

Julius: [I recommend you do not resist. If you fail to heed this warning, I will treat you as an enemy, be you alive or dead.]

Fake Ryuzu: [――――]

His sword thrust before the fake Ryuzu, who lay on her back atop the ground, Julius declared.

Having thus rendered his opponent powerless, Julius nodded to Subaru, who had ascertained that for himself. Having had no choice but to watch the sequence of events go down, Subaru scratched his cheek with his finger,

Subaru: [No, that’s what I had wanted you to do… but seriously, this guy. Clearly, you’ve gotten a lot stronger than you were before.]

His style of fighting with the support of the Quasi Spirits was more sophisticated and refined than before.

Contracted with Quasi Spirits of six different attributes, the Spirit Knight displayed his hybrid fighting style, combining both magic and swordsmanship.

???: [Wow, amazing, you took her down in the blink of an eye.]

And from behind Subaru, running across the grass, was Emilia.

It seemed like she had jumped off the dragon carriage in pursuit of Subaru and Julius, her eyes widened when she saw that she would have no opportunity to do anything because of Julius’s brilliant skill.

Subaru: [Emilia-tan, what about Rem?]

Emilia: [I asked her to tell Otto-kun and the others that you and Julius jumped out. I needed to hurry, too, so I followed you right away, but still … ]

Subaru: [No, it’s not that you were slow, Emilia-tan. It’s that this guy was too fast. Also, it was the right choice to not bring Rem here.]

It seemed possible that if it was the current Rem, she might have come down with Emilia, but thanks to the latter’s good judgment, she would not get wrapped up in any danger.

After thinking about it, he reconsidered; Rem would have definitely jumped down if she did have her Memories, so Emilia was very correct in instructing her to stay behind anyway.

In any case――,

Emilia: [This isn’t Ryuzu-san, right?]

Subaru: [She looks exactly like her, but there’s no doubt she’s a zombie . Come to think of it, could someone like Beako or Ryuzu-san become zombies …?]

He did not even want to think about Beatrice or Ryuzu dying, but there was room to question whether zombification was possible for these women, whose bodies were composed differently to those of normal creatures.

In reality, since there was an undead that took the form of Ryuzu, her origins should have been the same as Ryuzu’s unless she was a miraculous look-alike.

In that case, they would conduct an investigation without needing to give it a second thought, so Subaru and Emilia headed over to the fake Ryuzu, who had been captured by Julius.

Julius: [This is a zombie that is able to think and speak. Subaru, please be careful.]

Subaru: [Yeah. Actually, there’s a high chance she’s way more dangerous than her appearance suggests. Emilia-tan, could you also be careful and keep an eye out?]

Emilia: [Yeah, leave it to me. If you behave, umm…]

Entrusted to be vigilant, Emilia roused herself, but found herself lost at what to say to the fake Ryuzu.

It was doubtful whether the warning, “If you don’t resist, we won’t hurt you,” would be meaningful against an undead. Nevertheless, they must never let their guard down.

This small existence had just utterly blown away the coupled dragon carriages holding Subaru and the others in the span of a breath.

Even if her four limbs were bound, it was uncertain if she was perfectly immobilized.

Subaru: [Sure is a shame that your preemptive strike failed.]

Fake Ryuzu: [――. You are…]

Subaru: [My name is… is what I would say from my conditioned reflex to give my name, but I’m not trying to be friends with you. It’s fine if our relationship remains with you being a dangerous person, and me being the one who hindered your plans.]

Fake Ryuzu: [I see, you are a strangely capable person. At first glance, you seem to have no outstanding ability though.]

The fake Ryuzu, lying sprawled on the ground and looking up at Subaru, expressed her views.

He had grown accustomed to being underestimated, so he was not upset with that assessment. Beside him, it seemed Emilia wanted to say something, but Julius shook his head to stop her.

In any event――,

Subaru: [No other zombies are coming. Did you just go ahead on your own because you could fly? If you rushed ahead thinking you could beat us, that’s too bad.]

In reality, he had already been killed once by her preemptive attack, but he would not let that be known.

If his provocation would make the opponent speak up, it would be profitable. However, it seemed that her skin turning pale was not just for show, and no emotional response was given.

But, it was a cliché for this type of person to be tempted to show off their intelligence by making repetitive statements that ran contrary to their objectives.

If necessary, Subaru was ready to put on the performance of a lifetime as the stupidest child he could manage.

However――,

Fake Ryuzu: [――Valga Cromwell.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Suddenly, the lips of the girl lying there uttered an unfamiliar term.

――No, it sounded like something he had heard somewhere before, but Subaru could not immediately recall when that was or what it was about.

While Subaru furrowed his brow at that doubt, Emilia and Julius had a different reaction.

Both of them reacted as if they knew the name.

But, before Emilia or the others could question the fake Ryuzu’s words――,

Fake Ryuzu: [This was a stratagem of his that had not been carried out at the time.]

Indeed, the fake Ryuzu had been the one to continue first.

Thus, the development thereafter also connected seamlessly, giving no room for the question that had already been delayed from being asked once.

Emilia: [Subaru!!]

A moment later, Subaru saw Emilia’s facial expression change, and he was forcefully pulled into her arms. As it was, Emilia gnashed her molars, and created a wall of ice around Subaru, Julius, and herself.

Inside the wall of ice, Julius also readied his Knight’s sword, which had been aimed at the fake Ryuzu near his feet, and clad himself with the rainbow light of the concentrated power of his six Quasi Spirits.

In response to the forthcoming danger, Emilia and Julius had completed their preparations in an instant.

Then they would――,

Subaru: [――Wha…]

――A white light rained down from beyond the sky, wiping them all out at once as if in a cruel mockery.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Um, would it be alright if we dealt with my confusion first?]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

The voice of Rem, filled with equal parts bewilderment, exhaustion, and irritation, was heard, and Subaru took a short breath.

The feeling of remorse at being unable to avert the arrival of the Death, which unlike last time, he knew was coming, along with the trembling of his soul caused by the shock he had anticipated, pummeled Subaru’s heart from within.

――He had completely misjudged the cause of his Death.

This was the result of latching on to the most obvious visible change, and the conceited thought that he had prevented it.

The first time, the interval between noticing the existence of the fake Ryuzu and then Death was too short, causing him to miss what had actually happened.

The absurdly powerful white light that had obliterated Subaru and the others had not been released by the fake Ryuzu, but had rather originated from somewhere else.

Emilia: [Subaru?]

Subaru: [——. Emilia, just wait a little.]

Noticing Subaru’s introspection, Emilia tilted her head, to which he raised a hand in response.

Pausing his introspection, he cast aside all regrets. While there was still room for growth in reflection, regret was nothing but self-pity towards something one wished they could have done.

With that, neither the self that he had pitied, nor all the others whom he had ignored, would be saved.

That, he would not allow. That, he would absolutely, never allow.

At that moment, the fake Ryuzu had mentioned the name “Valga Cromwell”. Subaru had still yet to understand what it meant, but Emilia and Julius seemed to have recognized it. Perhaps he should ask for more details. ――No, that could wait. Even if he found out who this Valga was, the wrath of the white light that followed would not simply disappear. That attack was very much real, and more so, it was an outrageously powerful danger that stood in the way of Subaru and the others. It needed to be dealt with, but was it possible to prevent it from being fired in the first place? It was impossible for the situation with the fake Ryuzu and that attack to be unrelated, but would she, an undead being, be willing to negotiate? If she was an undead that could communicate, would it not be dangerous to close the door on negotiations? No, if she could be reasoned with, then she would not have tried to kill them outright with no dialogue. Whether she could be reasoned with or not, in order to sit around the negotiations table, a table first needed to be set――.

Rem: [――? Um…]

???: [Rem, please.]

Beside Subaru, whose thoughts were sparking in full throttle, Emilia stopped Rem’s question.

The flow of events was the same as before, however, from this point on, it had to be steered toward a different progression. Within his mind, he processed everything that had happened in order, and in order to get off this railtrack that ended in Death, a change had to be made at this critical juncture.

For that reason――,

Subaru: [――Julius! Outside! Emilia, you come too!]

Julius: [Understood!]

Emilia: [Yes! Got it!]

The moment that he glimpsed the form of the young girl outside the window, the harbinger of the Death that would soon arrive, he jumped towards the window and called out to Emilia and Julius behind him.

Without hesitation, Julius’s sword strike sliced through the wall of the coupled dragon carriage, and once the wall was kicked down, Subaru and the other two headed outside. Just before they escaped the range of the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion, he yelled.

Subaru: [――Rem! I need a favor!] So he declared.

△▼△▼△▼△

A long leg flashed, a kick knocked the fake Ryuzu to the ground, the changed nature of the earth caught the body of the undead, and once again, an earthen quilt restrained her entire body.

Julius: [I recommend you do not resist. If you fail to heed this warning, I will treat you as an enemy, be you alive or dead.]

Fake Ryuzu: [――――]

Right beside her as she lay on the ground, the fake Ryuzu stared at Julius, who thrust his sword before her. She may have been marveling at Julius’s elegant skill, but his fighting style had not capitalized on any advantages from Subaru’s Return by Death.

Seeing Julius, who had dominated his opponent with his pure ability, Subaru clenched his fist.

Emilia: [This isn’t Ryuzu-san, right?]

In a split second, Julius neutralized his opponent and Emilia, who had jumped down from the coupled dragon carriages at the same time, furrowed her shapely eyebrows at the fake Ryuzu by his feet.

Subaru, too, did not know the true identity of the fake Ryuzu. But, he knew that she was an undead, both willing and capable of doing harm to Subaru and the others; outside of that, he knew nothing.

Subaru: [The way they look is identical, but she is neither Ryuzu-san nor Pico or the others. More importantly, put me down and be on guard! Get ready, Emilia!]

Emilia: [Be on guard? Even though that girl has already been taken care of by Julius?]

Subaru: [Something bigger is coming. Something that can kill us if we’re not prepared.]

Saying that, Subaru jumped down from Emilia’s arms.

This time, Emilia was left to cover the landing, and Julius was asked to immediately restrain the fake Ryuzu. With that, Subaru nodded to the surprised Emilia and rushed toward Julius, who was restraining the fake Ryuzu,

Subaru: [Good work! But there’s more to come! There is going to be a huge shot coming from beyond the sky! If we don’t stop it, we’re all in big danger!]

Julius: [From the sky?]

Subaru: [Emilia, take deep breaths as well!]

Skipping over the minor details, Subaru pointed to Emilia behind him.

There, with her arms spread wide, Emilia was taking slow, long, deep breaths. Her concentration was improving in preparation for what was to come.

Julius nodded his head at that, and the Quasi Spirits of six colors gathered around him.

Fake Ryuzu: [――. You are…]

Quickly, both Emilia and Julius hurried their preparations, and the fake Ryuzu, who was restrained to the ground, gazed at Subaru with skepticism.

With the current exchange, she understood quickly that the cause of her head being pinned down was Subaru’s quick comprehension. But, the fake Ryuzu’s surprise did not end there.

Subaru: [Valga Cromwell.]

Fake Ryuzu: [――――]

Subaru: [That’s the name of your military strategist, isn’t it?]

Closing one eye, Subaru conveyed to the fake Ryuzu that he saw through her plans.

In truth, neither the intentions of the fake Ryuzu nor even the identity of Valga Cromwell were known to him, but it was a bluffing technique that did not reveal that fact.

The information that had come from the fake Ryuzu herself, was now causing the fake Ryuzu to be astonished.

In fact, up until now she had remained expressionless, but now her cheeks stiffened, and she was looking at Subaru with more intensity in her eyes than ever before.

Fake Ryuzu: [I had thought prudence necessary for the magic user and the Spirit Knight. But it seems for you, too. Attention: Required.]

Subaru: […Your stratagem has been seen through. Be graceful and accept your defeat.]

Subaru tried to continue bluffing. But, since a bluff could not affect the spirit of the fake Ryuzu, it meant her planning had been different altogether.

The fake Ryuzu’s stratagem, it was not the kind that would fail if it was seen through.

Fake Ryuzu: [Valga’s stratagem, is something that cannot be prevented even if it is perceived.]

At that moment, that white light from beyond the sky aimed at Subaru and his friends―― no, it did not.

The white light came, not aimed at Subaru and his friends, but at the fake Ryuzu lying on the ground, unleashed to obliterate everything atop the surface.

Emilia: [――Subaru!!]

Before the imminent light of Death annihilated Subaru’s existence, Emilia reached out her hands and deployed an ice barrier, which violently collided head-on with it.

At the same time, Subaru was pulled up by his collar and his body fell to the ground at Emilia’s feet. In front of Subaru’s eyes, the fake Ryuzu, who was closer to the light than Subaru, was engulfed by the white light, and disappeared.

Perhaps this had always been the case.

That white light was something unleashed aiming for the fake Ryuzu. Her presence became the marker for the white light to aim at, and the aftermath of the impact swallowed Subaru and the others, as well as the coupled dragon carriage.

She became a living target of overwhelmingly powerful bombardment as she traveled into the midst of the enemy. ――No, since she had died, she was a dead target. Either way, the one who had originally proposed that was completely crazy.

Subaru: [That damn idiot Valga Cromwell――!!]

Julius: [Al Clauseria!!]

Subaru’s heartfelt cry was met by Julius’s incantation as he thrust the tip of his sword toward the light.

A rainbow aurora was born, its brilliance collided with the white light like a wall; it just barely restrained the light enough to prevent it from shattering the several ice barriers created by Emilia.

A white light of destruction, and the protective ice wall clad in an aurora.

Unlike the last time, when they had no choice but to face it without sufficient preparation, there was time to formulate strategies against the white light. This was the reason why Emilia and Julius were able to resist the attack compared to the last time.

But, even still――,

Emilia: [Ugh, yaaaah――Hk!]

Julius: [Guh, kuu… Hk.]

With desperation in their voices, Emilia and Julius fought against the white light.

But, for this to be something that even the combined efforts of these two could not overcome, just how powerful was it? Unable to do anything in this situation, Subaru could only support Emilia’s back as she stood her ground.

Subaru: [Hang in there! You two, keep it up!]

Clenching down on his molars, and unable to provide physical support, Subaru shouted out psychological support.

It would have been nice if that roused the two of them and gave them the strength to extinguish the white light completely, but things did not tend to go so smoothly.

No matter what the situation, salvation would not be suddenly offered out of the void.

No matter how much one wished or prayed, one could not play cards that they had not been dealt in the game.

That was why――,

???: [――Ya did well callin’ for me, so darn praiseworthy.]

Indeed, hearing a carefree voice that contrasted the urgency of the situation, Subaru held his breath.

Somebody had walked out next to them. Then, the person gave Subaru’s head a pat with their large hand and walked out in front of Emilia and Julius, as though they were merely taking a relaxed stroll.

Those two were also surprised by the sudden behavior of the person, but――,

???: [Here’s the deadspot.] [2]

As soon as they said it, the figure advanced in front of the three, and swung the arm they had taken out of its sleeves, tossing something into the white light.

The light possessed the power to swallow everything and turn it into dust. Beyond the barrier that Emilia and Julius had used to hold it back, that too would be swallowed up and then disappear.

Or, so it had seemed.

Emilia: [No way…]

Letting out a voice akin to a gasp, Emilia’s amethyst eyes widened.

Reflected in her beautiful eyes was not the white Death that had been so close at hand, in fact, that had disappeared entirely; and instead reflected was the night sky, covered with thick clouds that had now been hollowed out in the shape of the light.

Witnessing the same thing, both Subaru and Julius were left speechless.

The aurora-clad ice wall that had collided with the light had also disappeared, and the fake Ryuzu, who had used herself as a target, disappeared into the light, leaving nothing behind――,

???: [Was thanks ta that blue Oni girl who went ‘n came callin’ for me. But, the three of ya did a real darn good job hangin’ in there. How ‘bout I give ya some candy?]

While saying that, having just wiped away the overwhelming Death with his own hand, the wolfperson―― the strongest of the City-States, turned around and gave a huge grin at Subaru and his friends, utterly dumbfounded as they were.

Then, his hand rummaged around in his clothing, and while tilting his head with a kiseru still in his mouth,

???: [Ah, oops, I ain’t got no candy on me.]

With that, he waved his empty hand about in the air, causing the exhausted Subaru to fall on his buttocks.

Translation Note:

[1] – Here Julius’s Spirits (精霊) are referred to as Quasi Spirits (準精霊). In Arc 6 they were elevated from Quasi to regular Spirits, so this is either a mistake from the author, or due to Subaru’s POV being under the effects of i nfantilization , causing him to forget this detail.

[2] – In the original Japanese, the term “deadspot” (死穴) is a combination of the kanji for “death” and “hole”. This is not a real word in Japanese, however, it is in Chinese, and there it means “weak spot” or “weak point”.

--- Chapter 20: The Two Lights ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――The identity of the enemy has become clear. The Witch’s failure that once wreaked havoc in the Kingdom… a being by the name of Sphinx, the worst kind of monster.]

An emergency meeting had been convened once again in the coupled dragon carriages, and Roswaal, who had rushed back from the battlefield, looked over everyone assembled and gave such an explanation.

Sphinx―― that was the name of the fake Ryuzu that Subaru’s group had faced.

Also――,

???: [You said she rampaged in the Kingdom, when did that happen?]

Roswaal: [――Approximately forty years ago, in the midst of the Demi-Human War.]

???: [――Hk!]

Hearing Roswaal’s response, Subaru’s eyes widened in surprise.

The Demi-Human War was an incident that frequently came up in conversation, but it was an event that had taken place exclusively within the Kingdom of Lugunica, the stage for the civil war. To think that he would hear about it even when in the Vollachian Empire.

???: [As per the records, during the Demi-Human War, Sphinx was among the three people on the demi-human side who required the most caution. I have heard that her deep knowledge of magic significantly escalated the horrors of the Demi-Human War.]

???: [I think I also came across that name while studying the history of the Kingdom. That and, the name Subaru mentioned as well… Valga Cromwell, right?]

???: [――. Indeed. That name also corresponds to one of the individuals who warranted caution.]

Having actually confronted the fake Ryuzu―― Sphinx, and experienced the threat she posed, Emilia and Julius also referenced the other name that had been mentioned at that time.

To them, it must have seemed like Subaru had suddenly thrown out that name, but by judging from Sphinx’s reaction to it, they understood that she and the named individual were not unrelated.

Then again, Subaru himself had not been aware that it was the name of a person involved with the Demi-Human War.

Subaru: [In other words, our enemies are Sphinx and this Valga Cromwell guy, and the people who rampaged during the Demi-Human War are now on a rampage in the Empire? I don’t really get why…]

???: [The Demi-Human War was already over forty years ago. I’ve also studied the history of the Kingdom, ‘n I know ‘bout what the demi-human side was advocatin’ for durin’ the civil war… I feel this situation ain’t alignin’ with that.]

Subaru: [Right. Anyway, I’m just glad that Beako and the others are safe, but…]

In the past, Sphinx and Valga had wreaked havoc in the Kingdom, but it was illogical that these two would now be rampaging in the Empire, so both Subaru and Anastasia tilted their heads in doubt.

At this rate, it seemed likely that the last of the three people to be wary of from the civil war, would also turn out to be an enemy.

???: [That’s impossible, in fact. The last person… the one named Libre Fermi, was confirmed to be in the library of the Pleiades Watchtower, I suppose. There is no doubt that he is counted among the dead, in fact.]

Snuggling up to Subaru’s side, Beatrice negated his worry.

Ever since hearing about the predicament in which Subaru’s group had found themselves in, Beatrice, who had literally flown back with Roswaal, had firmly resolved to not leave Subaru’s side.

For Subaru as well, letting her go to the battlefield had been heartrending, so he was more than willing to accept Beatrice’s cute resolve.

Anyhow――,

Subaru: [So we can rest easy if they had a Book of the Dead… but is it really okay to say that? We’re dealing with zombies , so I’m starting to feel like it’s natural that it was there.]

Julius: [If that is the case, it is a frightening prospect. The possibility that we may not just be dealing with ordinary zombies , but with the likes of heroes or villains whose names have been engraved into history.]

Subaru: [The heroes engraved into history, huh…? Hey, you aren’t gonna get too excited, right?]

Julius: [Regrettably, I have already confronted Reid Astrea. Thus, I am disciplining myself as to not harbor excessive expectations.]

Julius shrugged his shoulders, and Subaru gave him a doubtful look.

In fact, when the topic of Reid had come up at the tower, it became more evident that Julius was a history geek. He had also properly settled matters with Reid. He was not the kind of man who would fall behind, but Subaru doubted his remark that he could keep his composure when facing an eminent figure.

???: [Now is not the time to be talking about that… For the time being, Natsuki-san’s group has been able to stop one of the opponent’s trump cards, but it was not perfect. The good news is that Sphinx, who seemed to have been a formidable opponent, is out of the picture this early, but…]

???: [Sorry ‘bout this, Ottobro. Truth is, can’t be sayin’ that for sure.]

Otto: [Huh?]

As Garfiel, with his arms crossed as he grit his fangs, told that to him with poor enunciation, Otto widened his eyes. Staring fixedly at Otto, Garfiel had returned from the battlefield with his whole body covered with dirt, and he gestured to Beatrice and Roswaal with each of his hands,

Garfiel: [That Sphinx fucker was in front of my amazin’ self, Beatrice, ‘n that bastard. That face she wore, it pissed me the hell off, like, ya gotta be fuckin’ kiddin’ me…]

Emilia: [Yeah, that’s right. She had the same face as Ryuzu-san. That must have been reaaally tough for Garfiel.]

Garfiel: [Well, if she ain’t my Nanna, she ain’t my Nanna, no matter how much she looks like her. That’s why I didn’t have any hesitation to fight her. Problem’s what happened after.]

Emilia: [After?]

As Emilia tilted her head, Garfiel nodded deeply.

His brave countenance was unusually clouded over, and with a sigh he said,

Garfiel: [――There’s no doubt that our amazin’ selves took down that Sphinx. Saw her shatter to pieces with my own eyes, to the point that it was like “Rigirigi’s Wasted Trump Card”. That was…] [1]

Beatrice: [That was Sphinx’s goal, I suppose.]

Taking over Garfiel’s conclusion, Beatrice squeezed Subaru’s hand tightly.

She gripped Subaru’s fingers so tightly that they turned white, indicating the extent of the shock that Sphinx’s goal brought to Beatrice.

Looking fondly at Beatrice, Roswaal continued, “Allow me to conclude,”

Roswaal: [Sphinx certainly died in front of us, she then died once more in front of Subaru-kun and his group. What can be inferred from this is plain and simple… Sphinx is able to die several times, and each time, she can be resurrected as a zombie .]

Subaru: [Wha…!?]

Roswaal: [Perhaps making it even worse, the next resurrected zombie could be aware of her previous death and the circumstances that caused it. In other words, she could know that Subaru-kun and Halibel-dono were the main factors that stopped her plan to blow away the coupled dragon carriage.]

Everyone: [――――]

Though it was just conjecture, Roswaal explained a dreadful thought at the very end.

But, there were many parts they could certainly agree with. In the midst of the destructive light that rained down, while being exposed to a blow that would reduce her to dust, Sphinx did not seem the least bit distraught.

When facing their own death, there existed people who remained unfazed.

However, if Sphinx’s lack of reaction to Death was because she had not considered it to be Death, it strangely made sense to Subaru.

Subaru: [It’s just like…]

―― Return by Death , Subaru thought, though he did not say it out loud.

Thinking that losing one’s own life was not a detriment, but rather, that it could even be a weapon used to accomplish a devastating attack. The functional difference was the fact that the reality of Death itself would not disappear.

Come to think of it, rather than Subaru’s Return by Death, it may have been more comparable to the troublesome “possession” ability of Petelgeuse, who he had once fought against.

Julius: [No matter how many times they are defeated, hm?]

For a moment, as Julius muttered that, his gaze met with Subaru’s.

Perhaps Julius, like Subaru, had compared the troublesome nature of Sphinx to Petelgeuse. Though unlike Petelgeuse, Sphinx did not “possess” others, so perhaps this could be called Escape by Death――,

Subaru: [If you can’t defeat them, no matter how many times you try, then there is one sure way to defeat such a person: just keep defeating them until they run out of spare lives , that’s it!]

Emilia: [ Spaer laives ? Eeh, that’s…]

Subaru: [It means the remaining number of times they can come back to life. No matter how dangerous the opponent is, there’s no way they can revive as many times as they want without limit. There’s definitely a limit. Right?]

He felt like he was not one to talk, but the remaining lives seemed to have to be exhausted eventually.

If they killed Sphinx repeatedly until she ran out of lives, her otherwise composed face, despite the fact that she might have thought she could not die, would no longer be able to retain its composure.

Subaru: [So that’s why we don’t have to stay in the dumps. Let’s just be happy we knocked them down a peg! Thanks, Rem!]

Rem: [――! I-I didn’t do anything that important.]

When suddenly prompted, Rem shook her head. However, she was too modest to say that she had done anything important.

Immediately upon using Return by Death, Subaru had exited the coupled dragon carriage accompanied by Emilia and Julius, then asked her who remained inside to convey a message to the others. ――To seek out the most powerful of Kararagi.

Subaru: [If Rem hadn’t gone and retrieved Halibel-san, then Emilia, Julius, myself, and the coupled dragon carriages would all be dust by now. If that had happened, Beako would be a widow who lost me, and a nun who would be mourning me forever.]

Beatrice: [Don’t just casually state the worst possible outcome like that, in fact! It’s something unthinkable! If you die and leave Betty behind, then Betty will really become that noon , I suppose!]

Emilia: [Hm, I guess it’s thanks to Rem that Beatrice didn’t become this noon and that we can talk like this. Thank you.] [2]

Rem: […I, understand. At least, I think I do.]

Rem was somewhat reserved in accepting the thanks from both Beatrice, who was almost in tears, and Emilia, who was smiling.

The sight of Emilia, Beatrice, and Rem all together again made Subaru’s heart swell with emotion. Then, he turned his gaze to the tall figure standing there,

Subaru: [Of course, thanks, Halibel-san. To be honest, I was just banking on the reputation of your name to see if you could do something about it…]

Halibel: [Hahaha, ain’t it a good thing ta be honest? In fact, I was also surprised when I was suddenly called by the young Blue Oni girl. If I’d been hit by it without knowin’ I’d also be dead y’know? If anythin’, I feel like I narrowly escaped death ’cause she told me ’bout it.]

Halibel laughed with an attitude that was not befitting of his accomplishments.

His laid-back tone lacked a sense of urgency, but without him, Subaru and the others would have been annihilated. It was a good decision by Subaru to have called him on the second time, but it was horrifying to imagine him not having been there in this coupled dragon carriage in the first place.

In that short time, he’d had to assemble all the combatants aboard the dragon carriage and find the best solution. Even so, there was no guarantee that there could have been a solution, and that was truly because of the strongest of the City-States.

Anastasia: [Ya say it like that, but how did ya actually do that?]

Emilia: [Yeah, Julius and I did our best, but I think we came up a little short, so I’m reaaally glad that Anastasia-san had Halibel-san on our side.]

Anastasia: [I see, I see. Well then, it was worth spendin’ allat money to get him to come with us.]

Quietly, Emilia and Anastasia also re-assessed Halibel, who lacked a sense of urgency, and in any case, were able to reflect on the situation because everybody had taken the best possible action.

That was Subaru’s takeaway from the incredible assault just before――,

Subaru: [So, that’s how the whole mess went down earlier. Well, that was fast, and all of us did our best to save everybody’s lives, you know. And of course, there’s something to be said for that, right?]

???: [It was a great deed.]

Subaru: [You bastard…!]

When the Emperor, Abel, who had been quietly listening to the report up to this point, expressed his gratitude, Natsuki Subaru shook his fist intensely.

△▼△▼△▼△

Though it was a matter of course, the Escape by Death strategy that Sphinx had used when attacking the coupled dragon carriages needed to be shared with the Imperial leaders who had become relevant parties before they could even become aware.

The coupled dragon carriage was supposed to be a considerably important and highly classified secret typical of the Vollachian Empire; since it had been necessary to destroy a part of the valuable vehicle, a concrete explanation was needed.

Be that as it may――,

Subaru: [Even though we put an end to such a situation, you’re just settling it with the words “great deed”…]

???: [What are you saying, Natsuki-dono! How could you ask for any greater reward than words of gratitude from His Excellency! You should feel ashamed as a subject of the Empire governed by His Excellency!!]

Emilia: [Goz-san! Don’t be mistaken! Subaru is not a child of the Empire, but of the Kingdom like us!]

Subaru: [Emilia, your voice is getting wound up all loud again.]

Unlike the Imperial Soldiers, who had maxed out their loyalty, Abel’s words of gratitude were not enough of a reward for Subaru.

Though, supposing those thanks were to have come from Emilia, whose voice had grown loud to match Goz’s, it would have made up for Subaru’s dissatisfaction, perhaps.

Vincent: [Currently, we have been driven out of the Imperial Capital, and are en route to reestablishing a condition from which we can deal with the situation. Even if you demand a reward corresponding to your achievement, I shall not make empty promises. Therefore, I have naught but words to grant you.]

Subaru: [Don’t tell me so proudly that your wallet is empty…! Waaaah, Anastasia-saaan!]

Anastasia: [Yes, yes, y’ain’t got no need to get so frustrated. I’ll be makin’ sure that you, Julius, ‘n Emilia-san get yer fair shares paid exorbitantly by the Empire.]

Subaru: [Whoopee! Rip ‘em off!]

Subaru raised his hands with tears in his eyes at Anastasia’s dependability, and Abel frowned before sighing. Then, restoring the discussion to the original topic, he said “So”,

Vincent: [This undead in question… the one called Sphinx, you mean to say she is at the center of the current Great Disaster?]

Roswaal: [At the very least, she must have been the one who constructed the technique that revived such a laaarge~ number of zombies . Alteration and improvement of existing techniques, that’s what that failure would do.]

Emilia: [Roswaal, I know you hate her, but don’t use so much nasty language.]

Roswaal responded to Abel, and Emilia raised her eyebrows slightly at his statement. Her gentle amethyst eyes grew severe, and as she fixed her gaze on Roswaal,

Emilia: [We don’t want to speak with foul mouths, right? Even if you happen to do a good thing, if you’re always saying nasty things, no one will be willing to listen to how you really feel.]

Roswaal: [――. Yes, I’ll bear that in mind.]

Emilia: [Yes, please do.]

Roswaal gave a wry smile as he obediently bowed his head to the smiling Emilia’s complaint.

Though her gentle nature remained unchanged, Subaru felt that Emilia’s way of thinking had grown more sophisticated. It would be nice if Roswaal also felt the same thing.

Then, leaving Subaru’s thoughts aside――,

Vincent: [I hear that Sphinx had gone on a rampage during the Kingdom’s civil war. What became of these circumstances?]

Julius: [Kingdom records state that Sphinx, Valga Cromwell, and Libre Fermi were all killed before the civil war concluded. The loss of these three resulted in the demi-human side’s disadvantage in the civil war… That is what I remember.]

Vincent: [I see. ――But, there is no possibility that the undead are simply sprouting from the earth without cause. Is it not the fault of your Kingdom that they have become undead and presently ravage the vast lands of the Empire?]

Roswaal: [Oh my, someone as eminent as His Excellency the Emperor Vincent is saying the most nonseeensical~ things.]

As Abel posed that question with a single eye closed, Roswaal smiled and shrugged his shoulders.

Indicating to the view outside the window with his hand,

Roswaal: [The deepest depths of their thoughts are still unknown, but since they are bringing disaster to the Empire, and not to the Kingdom where they have memories of defeat, it’s clear that their agenda is different to what it was back then. Considering their silence for the past forty years, it is unrealistic to think that the Kingdom’s record is wrong.]

Having said all that, Roswaal moved his hand back from gesturing outside and held up one finger, saying “But then again”,

Roswaal: [Were there anyone who participated directly in the Demi-Human War and had the opportunity to kill Sphinx, but failed to do so, then just as you say, Your Excellency, I believe they should be blaaamed~.]

Vincent: [Foolish. They would have participated in the Kingdom’s civil war over forty years ago; asking an old soldier who decided the outcome of the battle is not even worthy of discussion.]

Subaru: [Well, that’s right. For a start, I’m relieved you’re not a guy who would make such unreasonable demands… Huh? What’s the matter, Beako, you’re making an ugly face.]

Beatrice: […Betty’s face is always adorable, I suppose.]

Abel quickly conceded that Roswaal had made a sound argument, and retracted his point.

Such restraint might have been a habit, but it was a bad habit, so it would be better to change it. To Subaru’s side as he thought that to himself, Beatrice wore a glum expression for some reason.

It was true that it was adorable, but apparently there was something in the current exchange that weighed on Beatrice’s mind. Perhaps this face of Beatrice’s was Roswaal-related.

Vincent: [So, what else did you uncover? Making such a dramatic show of jumping out is no accomplishment if it yields the same result as having stayed on the dragon carriage.]

Beatrice: [It was Subaru, not Betty and the others, who made a dramatic show of it, in fact. But, it is also Betty’s duty to take responsibility for Subaru’s dramatic show, I suppose.]

Roswaal: [Of course, there were some fruuuits~ of our labor. Not so much about the peculiarities of zombies , but we did learn several thiiings~.]

Asked by Abel, Beatrice and Roswaal responded confidently.

To the two of them, Subaru snapped his fingers and said, “As expected of you,”

Subaru: [So, so? Did you figure out the zombies’ weak spot? If we figured that out, we don’t have to be afraid of Sphinx when she appears again.]

Otto: [Natsuki-san, please do not get your hopes too high. No matter how you look at it, such impressive results are…]

Beatrice: [You underestimate Betty and Roswaal too much, in fact. Of course we figured it out, I suppose.]

Otto: [Waah!?]

Subaru: [For real!?]

Subaru and Otto were astonished at Beatrice’s words, with her chest puffed out and her face smug. Beatrice, pleased by their reaction, smiled and said, “Naturally, in fact”,

Beatrice: [The hint was Garfiel’s intuition, I suppose. Garfiel, who was already rampaging across the battlefield before Betty and Roswaal, noticed something strange, in fact.]

Garfiel: [That said, if Beatrice ‘n that bastard hadn’t come along, might’ve forgotten ‘bout it.]

Roswaal: [I think it’s a real waste that you’re someone with excellent intuition, but you don’t trust in it… Oya? I had intended to compliment you, but…]

Garfiel: [I ain’t gonna be happy whether ya praise or criticize me.]

As Garfiel rebuked and stuck out his tongue, Roswaal closed one eye and shrugged.

Aside from their usual bickering, Beatrice continued.

Beatrice: [The discrepancy Garfiel noticed was the difference in the durability of the zombies , I suppose. Some zombies would die from a single arrow, while others would still be alive and well even after being pierced by ten arrows. That’s the discrepancy, in fact.]

Emilia: [But, isn’t it because each “zombee’s ” strength is different? I’m stronger than Subaru, so it could be that kind of discrepancy.]

Beatrice: [That was not it, I suppose. Even with the same difference in strength between Subaru and Anastasia, there was still a discrepancy between one arrow and ten, in fact.]

Anastasia: [Bein’ compared with me, seems like Natsuki-kun’s still as pitiful as ever.]

With an elegantly wry smile, Anastasia glanced at Subaru. But, since Subaru had been shrunk, there was no room for him to refute the claim, and he responded to her concern with a wave of his hand.

However, Beatrice’s mention of a discrepancy was certainly something that caught his interest. Also, the fact that Beatrice and Roswaal had uncovered the truth behind that discrepancy.

The answer was――,

Vincent: [State your conclusion. What caused the discrepancies between the undead?]

Beatrice: [――Bugs, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Bugs…?]

When Abel’s question was answered, Subaru furrowed his brow at the contents of the answer.

Then, Beatrice looked towards Roswaal, and nodded. With that signal, Roswaal took something out of his own pocket, and,

Roswaal: [Everyone, please be extremely careful. It has been frozen to stop its activity, but if the ice breaks, it is presumed that a zombie will be booorn~ here.]

Subaru: [What are you talking about… Hey, hey, hey, what the hell is that!?]

Roswaal: [Beatrice said it, didn’t she? It’s a bug. I’d even venture and call it a Corebug.]

As he stated this, in Roswaal’s hand was a small block of ice being pinched between his fingers, about the size of a coin; inside, there was a red, round object.

Upon closer inspection, he understood that it was a small round bug that looked like a caterpillar――.

Roswaal: [This Corebug is lurking within the body of every zombie . And, this worm is the zombie’s lifeline… in other words, it is undoubtedly their core.]

Subaru: [These bugs are their cores, that means…]

Julius: [――I see. So, the true nature of Garfiel’s perceived discrepancy was the difference in the points at which an arrow killed the Corebug within the zombie’s body.]

While Subaru’s shock from the impact of the bugs had still yet to disappear, Julius comprehended the details in such a manner.

Hearing Julius’s words, the others also reached an understanding. Of course, Subaru also finally understood the purpose of the bugs’ existence――,

Subaru: [So you’re saying that the Corebug is basically the heart of a zombie ?]

Roswaal: [We will be working to unravel more about the technique, but this Corebug acquires the data of the target that is to turn into a zombie , and then reproduces the original form by making a vessel out of earth… That is our conclusion.]

Beatrice: [Indeed, in fact.]

Without objection, Beatrice nodded her head in agreement with Roswaal’s conclusion.

But, Subaru was utterly shocked at the conclusion that the two had reached.

If the zombies were being created by magic, he could accept it in a fantasy sense. However, when it came down to magic bugs creating the zombies, the feelings of disgust prevailed.

Subaru: [Even though I loved catching bugs when I was a kid, how pathetic…]

Otto: [Though, I do not think that is the kind of situation where you should be reflecting on that. ――In any case, our people have produced good results. How do you like that, Your Excellency the Emperor?]

Vincent: [At the very least, you have proved that you are not merely an incompetent bunch who make big talk and produce no results. I recognize that. It was a great deed.]

Otto: […Perhaps it would have been better had I not asked.]

The people of the Empire aside, those words of praise were disreputable to the people of the Kingdom, including Subaru.

Anyway, as Otto went out of his way to corner him with words, even the obstinate Abel had no choice but to acknowledge the results that Beatrice and Roswaal had produced.

Deep down, he was probably grumbling “Grrr”.

Subaru: [You did a great job, that’s my Beako.]

Beatrice: [Naturally, I suppose. That is the competency of Subaru’s partner , in fact. Unlike that deergirl, who has only gone through a little bit of hardship with Subaru, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Instead of getting huffy, shouldn’t you get along with Tanza!? Emilia-tan also said not to say anything nasty!]

Soothing Beatrice, who was showing her competitiveness in a strange way, Subaru promised to pet her a hundred times to restore her mood, and then looked at Abel and the others again.

When Abel returned the look, Subaru said, “Well?” with a puffed-out chest, and,

Subaru: [These are my reliable allies. All my big talk paid off, didn’t it?]

Vincent: [I recognize your achievement in protecting against the earlier attack on the dragon carriage. For what reason must you insist on boasting your success to me in order to feel satisfied? Your achievements are visible enough to the eye.]

Subaru: [Heh, whatever you say makes you sound like you’re a sore loser. I’m feeling great right now after all.]

Subaru snorted in a good mood in response to Abel’s displeased reply. Emilia said “No!”, angry at him for this attitude, but Subaru could not disguise his true feelings.

Then, perhaps impatient with Subaru and his party’s achievements, the Imperial Leaders―― Berstetz and Serena exchanged a few words, and then Abel looked over to them,

Serena: [Your Excellency, the people of the Kingdom… Since our acquaintance Margrave Mathers and his companions have shown so much success, would it not be dishonorable if our side was unable to produce beneficial answers?]

Vincent: [High Countess Dracroy, for what reason are you so amused?]

Serena: [Amused, you say? Apologies, Your Excellency. I wasn’t conscious of it myself, but perhaps it is the result of the feeling that my own dignity as Imperial nobility is being put to the test, supposing we are in a situation where the Empire’s prestige must be demonstrated to maintain our honor.]

Vincent: [――――]

Putting her hand over her ample chest, Serena replied as the white scar on her face contorted.

She was not smiling, but the tone of her voice and the intensity of her eyes were rather good-humored. In a situation where she was absolutely not the superior, she exhibited an outstanding mental fortitude to be dealing with the Emperor with such a tone.

Subaru: [Could it be that Serena-san is quite the dangerous person?]

Garfiel: [I dunno if she’s bad or not, but she’s pals with Roswaal.]

Subaru: [Ah~.]

Seeking information about Serena, with whom he had little contact, the first bombshell thrown in was enough to break down the wall of doubt.

However, it was hard to say whether it had been Roswaal or Serena who had decided to be friends. After all, it was clear as day that their cross-border friendship was a factor behind why Emilia and the others were able to come all the way to the Empire, to look for Subaru and the others.

Come to think of it, Roswaal had also been quite impudent during the ceremony for the Royal Selection.

It made sense to hear that he was friends with Serena, who held that attitude towards Abel.

Anastasia: [Enough time’s passed that I can talk ‘bout it, but Natsuki-kun was also like that back then, right?]

Subaru: [I can’t hear you, I can’t hear you, I can’t hear you…]

Subaru covered his ears and ran away from his unpleasant past; the lukewarm eyes of the very person who had once preached “The things you’ve done in the past won’t disappear” to him, now felt like they were stabbing into him. [3]

And, with a similarly lukewarm gaze, Serena graciously faced the Emperor, and continued to persuade him about something.

Serena: [Anyway, Your Excellency must think that those things are useful. That’s exactly why you’ve kept them by your side, but those are just the suspicions of a woman like me.]

Vincent: [Cease. Even if you had not gotten so unscrupulous with your words, I would still understand.]

With a snort, Abel obstructed Serena’s gaze with his hand. Then he erased all hue of deliberation, and revealed what Serena had encouraged him to.

That was――,

Vincent: [――There is someone who possesses information that may or may not prove useful as we confront this Great Disaster. It is necessary to hear what that person has to say before we arrive at the Fortified City.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [My ohhh~ my, are you finally going to listen to me? In that case, I’m overjoyed, Your Excellency.]

The person, who had been said to be confined beyond the door of a firmly locked cabin within the dragon carriages, gave an amiable smile upon seeing Abel’s figure.

However, for him, in such a state of confinement, it really was not something that he should have been smiling at.

After all, his entire body was bound by chains, tied to a chair so as to never let him escape.

Subaru: [Oioi, Abel, no matter how you look at it, this is…]

Vincent: [A necessary measure. For better or worse, losing this man would be a major blow to our side. Allow me to warn you, if his restraints are removed, he will easily go off to his death.]

???: [It’s preeeposterous~ that I’d go off to die! It’s just that I’ve been doing everything I can to stop this Great Disaster until now… If it’s for that purpose, it doesn’t matter if I lose my life.]

Subaru: [Ohh…]

Thoughtlessly smiling, the delicate man rocked back and forth in the chair he was bound to.

Feeling a sense of insanity from that manner of speaking, even Subaru could not help but believe that Abel’s argument was no exaggeration.

However, even though they seemed to be nothing but suspicious――,

Subaru: [This, Stargazer is… Ubilk-san, was it? You said we could rely on this person?]

Ubilk: [Whaaat’s~ this, it’s upsetting that I’m being doubted… Wait, taking a closer look, aren’t you the Stargazer-san of the Kingdom that I paaassed~ by in Chaosflame!?]

Subaru: [You’re completely wrong. Ah! By any chance, were you the one who instilled the idea that I’m a Stargazer into this guy’s head!? I ended up in a fistfight with him because of that!]

The delicate man with a sparkling face―― Ubilk, had uttered a rash remark that caused Subaru to snap back.

For Subaru, being treated like he had the dubious occupation of a Stargazer was a huge inconvenience. Of course, since Stargazers took on some sort of prophet-like role, Subaru understood there was a risk that he, who could Return by Death, could appear to be like them; even so, it was a huge inconvenience.

In any case――,

Subaru: [I’m not the same as you. Keep that in mind.]

Ubilk: [Huhhh~? That sure is strange. I heard that you were the same, though…]

Subaru: [Was that from the stars? In that case, Abel, we aren’t gonna be able to rely on this person.]

If it turned out that the stars gave incorrect answers, they were something he would unfortunately want to avoid right now.

At the present moment, the important thing was to acquire accurate information from the stars, no matter how trivial. Vague prophecies that could be taken either way, along the lines of the Barnum effect, were unnecessary.

Hence, he promptly turned his back in disappointment, but――,

Ubilk: [Wait wait, please waaait~! I understaaand~! You areeen’t~ a Stargazer! That doesn’t matter to me!]

Subaru: [I’m bothered by your manner of speaking, but even if you amend your statement, it’s not like your credibility is suddenly restored…]

Ubilk: [I don’t care if you keeeep~ me locked up like this. But, please at least listen to what I’ve gazed from the stars. That’s all you need to do!]

Subaru: [――――]

Twisting around in his seat with a burst of strength, Ubilk appealed so, his eyes ablaze. With such vigor, the chains wrapped around him forcefully tore into his skin, to the extent that his blood mercilessly started to spill out.

Completely ignoring the pain, he was trying to convey some information that he had heard from the stars as a Stargazer. If he could do that, injuries would not matter to him.

It seemed as if even his own life did not matter to him.

Subaru: [Abel, these Stargazer people are…]

Vincent: [Do away with that sentiment. Hear what he must say, and then decide if it is worth consideration.]

That intense fixation towards the stars gave Subaru an unpleasant sense of déjà vu. But, Abel did not agree with that judgment of Subaru’s, and he proactively fixed his gaze on Ubilk.

Seeing Abel’s willingness to listen, Ubilk ceased his writhing, his gentle face forming a smile.

Ubilk: [Rest assured, Your Excellency. No matter how mighty the Great Disaster may be, the staaars~ are on the side of Your Excellency.]

Vincent: [The same cruel stars that make no distinction as to which Vincent Vollachia is left behind, hm? Do not make me laugh. ――Speak. What must you convey?]

Ubilk: [Two, there are.]

Abel posed this question with arms crossed, and Ubilk gave that short reply.

Hearing it, Subaru muttered “two” inside his mouth, and Abel urged him to continue through his silence.

Subaru was extremely apprehensive as to whether they could put their trust in him, but at the very least, this Stargazer was said to have predicted the arrival of the Great Disaster itself; and right now, they would provide information for the sake of the shaking Empire.

That was――,

Ubilk: [Two lights, to overturn the peril of the Great Disaster. The first, is to be brought by a Stargazer of the Kingdom… Or rather, by the boy who is not that. A girl unable to communicate with words.]

Subaru: […What?]

Ubilk glanced towards Subaru, and the latter widened his eyes, motionless at the words that had been spoken.

He had been questioning whether to fully believe Ubilk’s words or not, but the words that had then been spoken made it unthinkable that there was any cause to believe him.

After all, there was only one person who met the conditions of which Ubilk had just spoken.

Then, without sparing a moment for him to recover from that impact, Ubilk continued.

With the same lips that had just revealed one of the so-called two lights, he continued to the light which yet remained.

That light, it was――,

Ubilk: [――The most well-versed in curses across all the Empire, a beastman who stands upon one of the nine summits.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Kicking off the ground, out of breath, he ran up the rocky mountain path with sheer force.

???: [Fuck fuck fucking fuck, these fucking shithead bastards…!]

Even the vigor in his words had grown weak; he was aware that he was wearing himself out.

Running across plains, and continuing to fight without sleep or rest, were things he had always been doing in order to survive in the vast lands of the Empire since he was a child.

Nevertheless, the stress from going over ten days without eating or drinking was on a different dimension entirely.

???: [――Hk.]

Sniff , when the stench of earth mixed with something strange entered his nasal cavity, he furiously began to exert his limbs.

He neither tried to catch a glimpse with his eyes, nor tried listening with his ears. He was able to fully grasp the world through what his nose could smell alone. Even the positions, numbers, and general armaments of his enemies.

Because of that, he understood that he was surrounded by a hundred enemy troops, that it would be hopeless no matter how much he whittled down their numbers; it made him want to think that his nose had gone stupid.

???: [These, FUCKING ASSHOLES!]

But, he immediately dispelled those thoughts, and slammed his weapon into the scent of earth.

A first, a second, and third; the bodies of the enemies that received a direct hit were blown to pieces, and the impact perforated through to the opponents on the other side, allowing him to forcefully break through the encirclement and get away.

No matter how many he took down, the pale earth puppets ceaselessly sprang forth.

Those nightmarish things of poor craftsmanship were undoubtedly prowling after his life.

The army unit he commanded had been annihilated, and at the time the realization dawned upon him, it had been far too late already; while doubting his talents as a General, he continued to run east, further east, clinging to his dear life.

Even if he tried to converge somewhere, the paths continued to be obstructed; not only was he starving and thirsty, but his last contact with a living person had been when he had parted with his second-in-command.

At the very least, it would be nice if a few of his subordinates had been able to survive.

???: [Tch――!!]

The moment his thoughts veered off-topic, his reaction to the enemy slashing at him had been slow.

His shoulder plate protected against the attack as it grazed his shoulder, and taking the opportunity to escape the impact, he kicked off the surface of the mountain trail. Compared to proceeding up the narrow path filled with those hindrances, slipping off the side of the cliff was much better.

Deciding that, he ran down the cliff, steep as a right angle as it was, and began to shake off the pursuing enemies quicker.

Even if he was going to be cornered by the number of enemies being thrown at him, a small breather would be somewhat helpful.

Having faith in that, he ran, ran, and ran――,

???: [――Hk, this smell is…]

Amidst the earth, vegetation, and slight fragrance of flowers, the smell of life tickled his nasal cavity.

Sensing something that was different to the scent of iron from the weapons his pursuers held, his thoughts were scattered into a thousand pieces for a moment, but he immediately consulted the situation and followed the smell of life.

He hesitated about dragging other people into his fight with this enemy.

However, if he were to avoid that, he would suffer from hunger and thirst and lose all his strength. That would be the stupidest, most idiotic fucking conclusion he could reach.

???: […Fuck, a hidden village?]

Following the smell of life, he entered an isolated settlement among the mountains.

In the Empire, there were a considerable number of people who abandoned their land in order to evade taxation, and either became bandits or went to live in the mountains or forest. This settlement was probably one of those hidden villages.

As a General of the Empire, he typically would not let the existence of this hidden village slide, but――,

???: [It’s a fucking emergency! It’s fine for now! More importantly…]

Wondering if anyone was present, he gazed over the whole settlement, and sniffed his nose when nobody entered his vision.

The origin of the smell of life was this settlement, but what potently ticked his nasal cavity was not a lingering scent, but the stench of somebody who was currently present here.

He headed in that direction, and if they were someone who could fight, he would request their assistance.

Even if they could buy him a little time, he would probably be able to use it to regain his physical strength through a meal and water.

Rousing his heart right before it was to wither and die, he relied on the scent and went towards a large building in the settlement.

He approached the entrance, and burst inside.

???: [Oi! I dunno who you are, but would you lend me a hand against these fucking bastards――]

――That instant, two columns of wind violently flashed to meet his entry.

???: [FUCKING CLOSE ONE!!]

Right away, he leaned his head and hips back in order to evade; he was late in sensing that what had been unleashed were sharp slashing attacks.

He had barged in requesting help, but instead an attempt had been made to kill him; he snarled his fangs and intently glared at the opponent who had performed such a foolish fucking action.

And then――,

???: [Oh? Now this is quite the strange happening! To think we’d try and see whether the next dead person’d be a man or a woman, only for a living person to plunge in… Redhead! Looks like I’m the winner of our bet!]

???: [Shut the fuck up, be quiet, die. Winning, losing, it’s all fucking worthless…]

As he glared, what had entered his vision was the inside of a spacious building, where two middle-aged men sat by a circular table―― Furthermore, they were men who absolutely reeked of liquor.

One held a katana , and the other a Knight’s sword; while looking at the drunken state of the two, anger surged up within him, and for a moment, it caused him to forget about his empty stomach and parched throat――,

???: [Hey motherfuckers, these perilous days of the Empire aren’t the time for you to be getting fucking shitfaced drunk, FUCKING HELL!!]

With that, the Master of Curse Tools, Groovy Gumlet, exclaimed in a terribly straightforward manner.

Translation Note

[1] – Garfiel’s idiom here is リギリギの抱え落ち, where 抱え落ち is Video-game slang for a player dying before they can use a special item or ability in their possession. We have rendered this as “Wasted Trump Card”.

[2] – Subaru refers to a nun as if he would refer to a person, and because the concept is foreign to Beatrice and Emilia both, they misunderstand him as saying Beatrice would become a person called “nun-san”. Of course, in the process, they butcher the pronunciation.

[3] – Subaru is remembering something Anastasia told him in Arc 3.

--- Chapter 21: A Destiny Unavoidable ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

A thick air of liquor and an earthy scent hung over the tavern.

Heaped up near the entrance were emptied alcohol bottles and barrels, as well as a wreckage of earth puppets, which likely once were in the form of people.

All of that had been heaped up by these two middle-aged men, grumbling over booze inside the bar――,

???: [Oh? This gentleman, got a slight feeling that I’ve seen him somewhere before… What’d’ya think, redhead!? Recognize this Furball Gentleman over here!?]

Groovy: [Who’re you calling a fucking furball!? Don’t fucking fuck around! I’ve been doing nothing but running without drinking or eating anything, SO I’M FUCKING EXHAUSTED…!]

As the man with a ruddy face grinned in good humor, giving his knees a good slap, Groovy flared up at him.

For some reason, the middle-aged man, blue-hair tied behind his head, began to laugh with increasing amusement and an “That’s inevitable, inevitable!” after hearing Groovy’s complaint.

It seemed like he was in a completely drunken state.

Since the blue one was out of the question, Groovy looked towards the other, towards the red-haired middle-aged man. He was sat quietly in his chair, glaring at the bottle in his hand.

Groovy: [Oi! You over there, fucking redhead! Are you the same type as this fucking blue-haired motherfucker!?]

Redhead: [――――]

Groovy: [Don’t ignore me! Stop fucking keeping silent, and look over…]

Redhead: [――Shut the fuck up.]

Here , before Groovy could finish his sentence, a flash of silver surged toward him in retaliation.

While still seated in his chair, he unleashed a horizontal slash aiming for Groovy’s neck. Something similar had happened when he had first barged into the tavern, but this was precise swordsmanship that sought to strike the opponent’s vitals.

If the opponent had not been Groovy, it might have been a fatal attack, but.

Groovy: [Who do you think you’re picking a fucking fight with, ASSHOLE!!]

Evading in a way such that the sword attack only skimmed the tip of his nose, Groovy took a step, and closed the distance in a single instant as his fist howled; equipped with a gauntlet, it slammed into the side of the red-haired middle-aged man’s torso, the resultant shock wave launching him into the wall.

Coughing out a “Kahh” with cries of pain, the red one’s body spun around as it flew. The man crashed into the wall without taking any measures to defend himself, and as Groovy gave that a sidelong glance, he caught the bottle of booze out of the air as it flipped around vertically.

The alcohol that the red one had been drinking, Groovy poured it down his throat with tremendous vigor.

Groovy: [Kuah!! That fucking burns…! I’d prefer water and some fucking food, but…]

Blue-Haired Man: [――Bravo, bravo! My my, yer skills sure are nothing to scoff at, Mister Furball. The redhead shoulda been considerably strong as well, I’m amazed that ya dealt with him so easily!]

Groovy: [Hahh?]

Glancing back towards the red-haired man who was upside down against the wall, the blue one went down onto his knees, and offered up his katana as if to say he had already been beaten.

Sitting on his knees and with his face flushed red, the blue-haired man praised Groovy’s strength, and while displaying that he had no intention of fighting back, he deeply bowed his head.

Blue-Haired Man: [We’ve caused ya a terrible inconvenience, Mister Furball! We fellas are just wanderers, and we ended up aimlessly stopping by this settlement. However, by the time we stumbled here to this village, it was already like this; all the villagers were gone, and it was occupied by a group of those lumps of earth there.]

Groovy: […So, you’re tryna say that you fucking dumbasses had no choice but to drink up all the booze that the dead left behind?]

Blue-Haired Man: [Deary me, it’s a bit embarrassing but you’re exactly right! We were bored, so we ended up betting on whether the next lump of earth that came through the door would be a man or a woman.]

Smiling like a fool, the blue-haired man divulged the particulars of a bet that would make one forget that this was a time of emergency.

Those particulars were nonsensical, but Groovy could not tell if they were gambling with the alcohol that did not really belong to them, or if it was with their own lives on the line. Wherever these men lived or died was all up to their own whimsy.

However――,

Groovy: [――I really don’t fucking like this.]

Blue-Haired Man: [Heh, what’d’ya mean?]

Groovy: [Bastard, you got the nerve to get on your knees and offer up your katana , acting like you got no fucking intention of fighting, but my nose can’t be fucking fooled… Don’t fucking stare at me as you search for a chance to kill me, fucking hell.]

Blue-Haired Man: [――――]

Sniff , Groovy snorted his nose and glared at the blue-haired man, to which he responded with a troubled expression, scratching his cheek with an “Ehh”. But, the fact that he did not voice words of denial, rather than him being unable to find the right words immediately, it was likely because he understood that a sloppy excuse would incur Groovy’s wrath.

This blue middle-aged man, ever since the red one was beaten, had been constantly hiding an intent to kill Groovy behind his words and attitude.

Having barged into this place after being chased by the earth puppets, instead of getting to rest, he had gotten entwined with a troublesome opponent―― And, just when he thought that, Groovy realized.

Groovy: […Bastard, I remember your fucking scent.]

The stench he had smelled somewhere before, Groovy recalled it as all the hairs on his body stood on end.

He would not say that he could remember every scent he had ever smelled, but distinctive smells were difficult to forget. Faced with that scent diluted by a murderous intent, when he tried to recall his opponent’s identity――,

Groovy: [――Hey asshole, are you that fucking Cecilus’s fucking shitty dad?]

Voicing the memory that came to mind, Groovy glared at his opponent.

Under that sharp gaze of Groovy’s, the blue-haired man made a loathsome expression, and,

Blue-Haired Man: [Yikes, looks like ya remembered me.]

Groovy: [FUCKING HELL! You have the fucking nerve to try and kill me because you didn’t want that leaked!? STOP FUCKING JOKING AROUND! To begin with, why the fuck are you even alive!? Didn’t Cecilus kill you!?]

Blue-Haired Man: [Even if ya ask me why, I can only answer that I’m alive ‘cause I’m alive. That said, if it came to light that I survived, it’d be awfully inconvenient for me.]

Loosely shaking his head from side to side, the blue middle-aged man answered shamelessly―― He was the father of Cecilus Segmunt, First of the Nine Divine Generals.

In the past, he frequently visited the Crystal Palace together with Cecilus, so he was someone who Groovy had passed by many times. However, a few years ago he had committed an act of blasphemy in the Imperial Palace, and was cut down by none other than his own son, Cecilus; he should have been considered dead.

Blue-Haired Man: [They got wanted posters for me everywhere, musta been a slip o’ yer memory if ya thought I’d died.]

Groovy: [I just thought that that Cecilus fucker wouldn’t fuck it up. That asshole’s sword skills are the only fucking reliable thing about him; if he still fucked it up, then he’s nothing but a fucking piece of shit. There’s no fucking way he took discretion just because it was his fucking parent.]

Blue-Haired Man: [――That ain’t it. That guy’s swordsmanship’d never be dulled by the likes of familial bonds.]

Groovy: [――――]

Witnessing that firm declaration, Groovy withdrew the words that he was going to bite back with.

He did not know much about the parent-child relationship between this blue-haired man and Cecilus. But, this was the father who had raised Cecilus to become that Cecilus. It was not difficult to imagine that he was also a good-for-nothing monster.

If Cecilus’s skills had not dulled when cutting down his father, then that also probably stood to reason.

However――,

Groovy: [Fuck…]

After being chased and chased, constantly running away, even though he had finally just managed to come across living people, they were a pair of drunkards―― Furthermore, one of them was a wanted criminal, and the other was prone to drunken violence.

He cursed his poor luck, and began wanting to wallow in his despair.

Redhead: [Ugh, guhh…]

Blue-Haired Man: [Oh, ya also let the redhead live. You’re a kind one, Mister Furball.]

Groovy: […I didn’t really take it easy on him or anything. That fucking redhead is just fucking sturdy.]

The violent red-haired man, now upside down against the wall, had endured a strike from Groovy that had been intended to make the insides of his body all mushy, and was nearly drowning in the vomit overflowing from his mouth.

Even in his battered state, Groovy would be able beat down this blue and red duo of middle-aged men, but――,

Blue-Haired Man: […Quite the racket outside, ain’t it?]

Just as the blue-haired man said, an aroma of loathsome earth had entered the settlement.

Having chased down Groovy, it seemed like quite a large number of them had surrounded the hidden village. Sensing with his nose that the encirclement was gradually closing in on them, Groovy anguished.

He would beat these two middle-aged men to death, and fight as hard as possible to break through the besiegement; then, he would find someone better than these two drunkards, and make the time to fill his belly with food and water.

That ideal, could it realistically be achieved? If not that――,

Groovy: […You fucking bastard, let’s make a deal.]

Blue-Haired Man: [Respectfully listening.]

Still seated on his knees, the blue-haired man humbly placed his katana by his side.

Until just before, this guy had been trying to kill Groovy with the exact same posture and attitude, to the extent that he wanted to call him a barefaced liar, and yet, the scent of murderous intent had now subsided.

While feeling irritation at that, Groovy spoke.

Groovy: [No matter what it takes, I gotta get back to where His Excellency and the others are. Even if that means I gotta use you fucking dumbasses to get there. That’s why…]

Blue-Haired Man: [――――]

Groovy: [I’ll use my power as General First-Class to get you off the wanted list. In return, you’ll cooperate and help me get back to the Imperial Capital.]

For Groovy, this was a desperate last resort.

If he were in perfect condition, he would have never thought to rely on such men. But, if he remained stubborn and collapsed, just who would benefit from that?

Groovy: [That’d be the fucking piece of shit who constructed this whole fucking incomprehensible situation.]

Honestly, he felt like there was lots going on in the shadows behind the civil war shaking the Vollachian Empire.

Keeping vigilance over the west side was indeed a believable reason for why he had been sent far away from the Imperial Capital, but in that case too, he slightly suspected that Vincent had had other motives.

The reason he obediently followed that was because he had thought it was fine to believe in Vincent’s judgment.

Thus, in order to hear the answer of what he had believed in, Groovy had no choice but to go back.

Therefore――,

Groovy: [DO YOU ACCEPT THE DEAL OR NOT, HURRY UP AND DECIDE, YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE!]

Groovy bared his fangs and howled, opposite him, the blue middle-aged man closed a single eye in deliberation.

Before the man, whose mind was difficult to read, could voice his answer, there was a loud crash behind Groovy; the tavern’s door had been destroyed from the outside.

Maintaining the vigor from breaking down the door, the pale earth puppets burst inside. Right before their hands could reach Groovy’s small back―― A sword flashed.

With a slash from the unsheathed katana , the heads of the earth puppets were parted from their torsos, and turned into clods of earth.

The one to perform those actions, the blue-haired man, returned his katana to its sheath in a natural motion, and stood up. Then, the man, his face ruddy, stroking the stubble on his chin with his empty hand,

Blue-Haired Man: [In addition to erasing me from the wanted list, how much am I getting paid?]

Groovy: [You sure are a fucking piece of shit through and through, fucking bastard…]

Taking that shameless question as an answer, Groovy took a long, deep breath. Then, it seemed like his vision spun around, and,

Groovy: [Fuck.]

Indeed, his physical strength had reached its unavoidable limit, and overwhelmed, Groovy’s consciousness sank to a dark riverbed.

Blue-Haired Man: [Goodness gracious, to think he’d doze off and delay sorting out the finer details for later, this Furball Gentleman is quite the pleasant character.]

Having languidly tumbled down on the spot, the small beastman began heartily snoring.

One of the apexes of the Vollachian Empire’s military strength, Groovy Gumlet of the Nine Divine Generals; looking down on him, Rowan Segmunt, his face red from drinking, tilted his head in contemplation.

The terms that had just been presented, Groovy did not seem like the kind of person to go against his word.

Upon consideration, these terms were sufficient. Of course, he also considered continuing to run away; he could stab the sleeping Groovy in the heart here, but then he would merely proceed with his life on the run.

Rowan: [If I did such a thing, just who in the world would it benefit? Plus, it’d be more proactive of me if I took this as luck being on my side. ――At long last, the curtain rises on the third act of my life!]

As he took firm steps upon the ground, Rowan worried about the slight cramp in his left leg; however, he then chuckled to himself, realizing that there was no longer any need to act reactively.

Nevertheless, the top priority right now was to get out of this place alive, so as he sensed the presence of the earth lumps gathering outside the bar, he heaved Groovy up.

Then, he stepped towards his companion who was upside down against the wall―― Heinkel, and gave him a good kick.

Rowan: [Hey, redhead, wakey wakey! The situation’s changed!]

Heinkel: [Uh, hah…?]

Rowan: [I’d have trouble sleeping if I just left ya here! Redhead, if yer life’s come to a dead end, then yer best bet’s to turn the tables by taking up the sword and fighting alongside me here!]

Rowan spoke in an intensely loud voice, and Heinkel reluctantly opened his eyes up wide.

Through his upside down vision, he looked at Rowan, and at Groovy upon the former’s shoulder; he slightly swung his legs and flipped himself back upright, then immediately began to stagger due to the dizziness,

Heinkel: [What the…? I feel like shit…]

Rowan: [Rather, to give such an answer after taking a hit from a General First-Class is nothing short of a big shot. Come on now, we just about drank up all the booze here, so it’s a good time to start drifting over to the next place.]

Heinkel: […What about that beastman? We eating him?]

Rowan: [Maybe if we’re ever really pressed for food, but for now we ain’t intending on doing that. Well then…]

Using his sleeve to wipe the vomited booze off Heinkel’s mouth, Rowan gave him a hearty clap to the back. Then, adjusting Groovy’s body on his shoulder once more, he turned around.

All at once, the lumps of earth surged into the tavern. Facing them, Rowan used a single hand to tear his katana out of its sheath, and as he wore a large grin on his face,

Rowan: [Stay alive and wait, prodigal son of mine. ――You’ve still some way to go, before ya reach the Heavenly Sword.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――To overturn the peril of the Great Disaster, two lights there were.

That was the prophecy brought forth by the Stargazer Ubilk, shackled in chains―― No, as he would put it, it was the commandment.

This statement from the Stargazer, a being treasured in the Vollachian Empire and reputed to have accurately predicted numerous events, struck Subaru with a profound impact.

Frankly, Subaru did not have much faith in prophecies or premonitions.

He considered such things as a sort of fraud through the employment of various psychological techniques. Of course, he recognized that in this different world, phenomena unconstrained by common sense could very well occur.

After all, depending on how one saw it, the results that Subaru’s Return by Death brought about could be regarded as a way to avoid the worst possible future through foresight.

If possible, he would have been more grateful to know the future without having to die.

Regardless――,

Subaru: […A girl, unable to communicate with words.]

To rephrase and say that Subaru was not the Stargazer, going to such lengths just to transmit accurate information.

The implication brought to mind an individual, and Subaru caught his breath.

However, before Subaru could inquire about the true intent, Abel, standing beside him, turned a cold gaze towards Ubilk,

Vincent: [One of the lights you spoke of, if it is Groovy Gumlet, he is dead.]

Ubilk: [Eh?]

At that outright declaration, Ubilk’s eyes widened and his mouth gaped open.

That was to be expected. If someone were told the subject of their grand announcement was dead, anyone would have such a reaction. In fact, Subaru was also taken aback by Abel’s claim.

Ignoring Subaru and the others’ surprise, Abel, his arms folded, shrugged his shoulders lightly,

Vincent: [Out of a mouth that pompously declared that the stars are on my side, came that? It is rather a letdown, to say the least.]

Subaru: [Hold on, hold on, hold on! Don’t just speak as if it’s true! It’s still unconfirmed!]

Vincent: [Fool. With no signs of him converging, he is as good as dead.]

Subaru: [Don’t lump “as good as dead” with “he is dead”! You overthink the worst-case scenarios so much that you kill people off in your mind!]

Subaru snapped back vigorously at Abel’s words, which seemed to be needlessly stirring up Ubilk. There was no particular reason to deceive Ubilk right here and now, so this was a well-deserved retort.

In response to Subaru and Abel’s exchange, Ubilk released a conspicuously relieved sigh,

Ubilk: [I-I received no indicaaation~ if he was alive or not. So, wouldn’t it be fine to assume General First-Class Groovy haaasn’t~ died?]

Vincent: [We have long lost contact and there is no movement from the army he was supposed to be leading in the west. If his whereabouts are unknown, it would be more constructive to speak as if he is dead.]

Subaru: [Constructive in building what? A graveyard?]

Possibly taking Subaru’s words as teasing, a hint of severity entered Abel’s gaze. However, since there was no reason to back down from his stance, Subaru stuck out his tongue in response and turned to Ubilk.

His trust in the Stargazer, it remained shaky at best.

Subaru: [At the point when the stars spoke to you, Ubilk-san, was this Groovy person definitely alive? It would make convincing this guy easier if he was.]

Ubilk: [I’m sooorry~ to say, all I received from the stars were the essentials of those who could resist the Great Disaster. I’m not privy to whether these individuals are aliiive~ or not.]

Vincent: [So Groovy Gumlet, having died, holds a countermeasure against the Great Disaster?]

The issue of life or death was getting tiresome, and Subaru gave up on correcting it further. However, Abel’s offhand remark held significant implications for the future.

If one assumed Ubilk’s prophecy was believable, then whatever unique thing Groovy alone possessed would be a necessary component to stop this disaster.

In addition to that――,

Subaru: [――Louis.]

If one of the two lights Ubilk spoke of referred to Groovy Gumlet, a General First-Class of the Empire, then the other pointed to her.

The girl who had been transported to the Vollachian Empire alongside Subaru and Rem. She who had overcome countless hardships with them, joined them in these coupled dragon carriages, and was one of the most troublesome characters, even in this world; Ubilk stated that she was necessary to repel the disaster.

Louis and Groovy, there should have been something common between these two that was effective in defeating the enemy.

Vincent: [Groovy Gumlet is known as the Master of Curse Tools, he is familiar with magic and Curse Arts, possessing the skill to create equipment incorporating these techniques.]

Perhaps he had followed the same line of thought as Subaru.

What Abel revealed was a unique skill that Groovy possessed. One that could not be replicated by others, which likely contributed to his selection as one of the lights.

Subaru: [So, as one of the Generals of the First Class, he must be pretty strong himself, right?]

Vincent: [There is no doubt that he is sufficiently competent. Even amongst beastpeople, his senses were exceedingly sharp, especially in his sense of smell; none across all the Empire could rival him. But, based on the conditions stated by this damn Stargazer, his skills as a warrior are not what requires attention.]

Subaru: [I know… Magic and Curse Arts, huh?]

In regards to magic, Beatrice and Roswaal had already shown promising results.

They had discovered that the Corebugs, lurking within the undead, were undoubtedly at the center of the mechanism that birthed the undead.

However, neither Beatrice nor Roswaal were included in the two lights Ubilk had mentioned.

In essence, the emphasis should not have been on exceptional magic users, but rather――,

Subaru & Vincent: [――Curse Arts.]

Subaru and Abel spoke simultaneously, their black eyes exchanging glances.

The fact that not only he, but also Abel, had come to the same conclusion strengthened Subaru’s conviction. Almost certainly, Groovy had been chosen as a countermeasure against the undead due to his knowledge of Curse Arts.

On top of the magical approach, the addition of a Curse Arts-based approach could lead to some sort of effective measures to use against those undead.

Vincent: [Excluding Groovy Gumlet, the only one with knowledge of Curse Arts is Olbart Dunkelkenn. It is urgent that we gather all those with such insight. What about your side?]

Subaru: [As for us, Beako has a bit of knowledge, and I myself am still cursed. I wonder whether Roswaal or Nee-sama is more knowledgeable…]

Vincent: [――. Disregarding that one part, it is necessary that we have them speak from their knowledge.]

In the past, when he had been bitten and cursed by a pack of Ulgarm Witchbeasts, Subaru had been told that the aftereffects were still nested within his body.

Fortunately, since it did not interfere with his daily life, he had left it alone; though, since the curse was like having an unidentifiable wart on his body, it would be a lie if he said it did not worry him.

In any case, as Abel suggested, it was necessary for them to gather all those who had knowledge about curses, to arrive at the insights that the leading expert, Groovy, would have provided them with.

As Subaru considered this, Abel quietly added, “On top of that,”

Vincent: [――Do you possess an answer as to what kind of advantage that girl’s existence will bring to the Empire?]

Naturally, the conversation spread to Louis, and Abel’s inquiry was thrust unto Subaru.

Subaru: [――――]

Closing his mouth, Subaru kept Abel waiting for a beat before giving an answer to that question.

However, a beat soon turned into two, then three, and still he could not arrive at a clear answer.

What he was being asked was clear, and it was equally clear without any doubt that Subaru himself did not have an answer.

Vincent: [Back when we shared that appa, I had told you. ――That what I had intended to say was not that we ought to execute someone whose apparent identity was that of a Sin Archbishop on the spot.]

As if in lieu of the silent Subaru, Abel pushed further on the topic of Louis.

At the end of their disgraceful brawl, Subaru and Abel had divided the appa and ate it together, and during that exchange, they had also mentioned Louis.

Back then, Abel had indeed then said that he would not punish Louis due to her identity, but――,

Vincent: [Even now, those thoughts remain unchanged. ――For it is not I who ought to decide what that girl shall be defined as, but you.]

Subaru: […I, ought to define Louis?]

Vincent: [The one deeply involved with that girl’s conduct is not me, but you. Even should that girl entrust her fate to another, it would not be me, but you who is desired.]

Beside Subaru as he felt a thirst in his throat, Abel stated thus matter-of-factly, and returning his gaze from Subaru back to Ubilk,

Vincent: [There is no mistake in what you have heard from the stars? That in order to oppose the Great Disaster, the existence of the girl whom this one brought along is considered a key?]

Ubilk: [――. Yes, my story hasn’t chaaanged~. Just like for General First-Class Groovy, I don’t knooow~ what the stars have acknowledged in that child.]

The chains jingling as he shrugged, Ubilk replanted the seed of the unchanged dilemma.

He was yet unaware of how it would sprout, what buds it would form, and what flowers it would bloom. Even if he was unaware, Subaru had fully understood that he could not merely continue to carry the seeds with him, neither allowing the flowers to bloom nor wither.

Then, as Subaru worried himself over that reality, the Emperor, who would never conduct himself to try and understand the pain of others, proceeded to tell Subaru without a shred of mercy.

Vincent: [Arrive at a conclusion swiftly. Though, that is only if the taste of that appa, and all of your big talk, were not falsehoods.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Subaru, did you get to hear what you wanted?]

Upon exiting the cabin where Ubilk was being held captive, he was greeted by an anxiously awaiting Emilia.

The existence of the Stargazers was pretty much considered confidential information in the Vollachian Empire, so people from the Kingdom, with the exception of Subaru, were not allowed to be present in the room.

Subaru was already acquainted with Ubilk, and it seemed that Abel had made the judgment that he ought to be allowed to hear what the Stargazer had to say.

Subaru: [If you’re asking if I heard it, then I did, and if you’re asking if I didn’t hear it, then I didn’t…]

Beatrice: […That answer completely avoids the point, in fact. Are you saying it was just a waste of time, I suppose?]

Subaru: [No, I don’t think so.]

Beatrice had trotted across to Subaru, whose enunciation had unconsciously gotten worse, and had taken hold of his hand, furrowing her brows.

However, neither Beatrice nor Emilia, nor Otto nor Garfiel, who also happened to be present, wanted to rush Subaru’s answer.

With a vague feeling that their consideration was different from that of the Imperial people, he ended up wanting to indulge in the warmth of their kindness that he had so dearly missed.

But――,

Subaru: [――That’s a no go.]

It was not something that he could keep turning his face away from forever.

Outweighing his dishonesty, the situation had reached a point of urgency. Above all, at the time when he was separated from those who would forgive his avoidance, it would not be Subaru who would suffer the most.

Therefore――,

Subaru: [Everyone, though it’s also for the sake of the Empire, there’s something I want to have a serious discussion about.]

Emilia: [Something you want to discuss with, everyone?]

Subaru: [Yeah.]

As Emilia asked in return, Subaru nodded and took a deep breath.

For everyone here, and even for those who were valuable to Subaru but not present here, it was a subject that they absolutely could not avoid, that they must not avoid.

And that was――,

Subaru: [――Let’s have a proper discussion about the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Louis Arneb.]

--- Chapter 22: Want To Believe. Will Not Forgive. ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――Village Chief-kun, may I have a moment?]

As a voice called out to him from behind, Vincent Vollachia halted his step.

Before he even turned around, he knew who the owner of that voice was. Once he heard a voice, or laid eyes upon a person, he would never forget them. This was no exception; he immediately grasped that this was the blond, blue-eyed peddler―― Flop O’Connell.

Vincent: [Unfortunately, the survival of the Empire is currently in crisis. I have not the time for frivolous chatter with you.]

Though he had grasped it, Vincent would not engage any further than grasping it.

The oracle he had received a moment ago from the Stargazer, Ubilk, left him no choice but to discuss with Berstetz, Serena, and the rest of that lot regarding how they should handle it.

Groovy had been designated as a countermeasure against the enemy, but since there was a high chance he had lost his life, to formulate a plan that depended on him would be an act akin to the height of stupidity. On that point, putting his expectations in Natsuki Subaru, who was headed to persuade the other person who had been designated, was a foolish idea that was less objectionable.

In the first place, there was no chance that Vincent would be able to persuade that girl.

He would not even be able to come to a mutual understanding with her. Since the cards in Vincent’s hand could not be used on the young girl, it was logical to let Subaru deal with that side of the two lights.

Ergo, the only thing Vincent could do was continue scrutinizing the details for a realistic plan――,

Flop: [Woah there, you can’t know whether it’s frivolous chatter or not unless you talk and find out! No matter how clever Village Chief-kun is, I doubt you’d be able to tell what seeds of conversation I have before you water them!]

Vincent: [You…]

Speaking those words, Flop grabbed Vincent’s shoulder as the latter tried to resume his walk, preventing him from moving forward. Naught could that be called but a reckless action, the very pinnacle of imprudence.

Under different circumstances, it would have been a barbaric act that caused Flop to be beheaded on the spot.

Vincent: [Release me at once. If not, wish your life goodbye.]

Flop: [Of course, I’d also like to start talking with you right away. But, I want a suitable amount of time to have a proper discussion about this matter. We can’t be rushing things.]

Vincent: [I did not tell you to speak, but to release your grip…]

???: [Now, now, don’t say that, Abel-chin. Instead, you should talk about what big bro wants to tell you.]

Vincent: [――Hk!?]

As he looked back with his head and scowled at Flop, who still had his hand placed on Vincent’s shoulder, a voice had called out from in front of him; simultaneously, another reckless act had been performed, that of two hands grabbing him by his sides and lifting him up.

Having held her breath, and now giving a cheerful broad smile, the one who had done that was Medium O’Connell―― The sibling duo of Flop and Medium, had pincered Vincent with smiles from both front and rear.

Medium: [Abel-chin, you’ve been ignoring big bro this whole time, right? Big bro is so injured and worn-out that he always needs to lie down for even just a second longer, so don’t be mean and just listen to what he has to say~.]

Vincent: [Speak not of foolish things. To begin with, how long shall you continue to contact me with such a familiar attitude? Should the situation change, so shall individual positions. Things are no longer the same as they were in the Shudraqian Village and the Fortress City.]

Medium: [Well, Abel-chin may be acting like the Emperor, but I think it’s mistaken of you to make light of us! Big bro!]

Flop: [Got it, dear sister!]

The unreasonable sibling pair, did not lend their ears to Vincent’s words.

At the high-spirited call of his younger sister, Flop, responding in a similarly energetic manner, promptly opened the door to the adjacent passenger cabin; Medium then carried Vincent inside, and the door was closed.

After quickly confining the Emperor in a locked room, Medium finally released Vincent.

Vincent: [You two, are you aware that this is an act so barbaric that not only you, but all members of your household will be punished for?]

Flop: [Hahahaha, unfortunately for you, Village Chief-kun, our family purely consists of us two siblings. So, your objection isn’t really much of a threat.]

Medium: [Ah, but, big bro, what about everyone from the orphanage? Even if we aren’t related by blood, everyone who escaped is our family!]

Flop: [Hahahaha, now that you mention it! Village Chief-kun, please find it within yourself to forgive us!]

Vincent: [――Set me free immediately, and behave.]

No matter the situation, the conduct of the O’Connell siblings seemed invariant.

Medium had been shrunken and stretched, and Flop seemed to have been injured, but seeing the both of them like this was causing him to grow suspicious.

If one had their body shrunken and stretched, it would typically be a heavy burden on their mind, but Medium was far too lacking in awareness that her body had shrunk and then stretched back again.

He had heard that Flop had also suffered a grievous wound that brought him to the verge of death, but he too was full of life. ――No, his neck had a visible complexion, but it seemed he was concealing the color in his face using make-up.

Flop: [After all, it’s quite important for merchants to put on an act.]

Vincent: [――――]

Flop: [But, although it’s always been an ironclad rule of trade to barter for what you want, I’m unable to meet Village Chief-kun’s current demands. I don’t wanna put this off any longer.]

Vincent: [What are you saying…]

Flop: [I’ve been entrusted with a message. ――A message from the person who, in your place, had acted as Emperor.]

Having expected him to start speaking more nonsense, Vincent’s eyes slightly widened.

Going out of their way to confine the Emperor in an empty cabin, the O’Connell siblings were attempting to report something to Vincent. ――In this world, there was only one person who had held that position.

That was why――,

Flop: [You ought to hear his words, Village Chief-kun. ――No, Your Excellency the Emperor, Vincent Vollachia.]

Thus, when Flop displayed a serious expression for the first time, Vincent had chosen not to interrupt him with words.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Louis Arneb.

When he spoke those words aloud, Subaru had heard a grating sound reverberate within his heart.

While it was always within arm’s reach, he had always hesitated to take the lid off of that box of taboos. It was a Pandora’s box that could be opened at any time, so long as he was willing to do so.

Subaru: [――――]

Deciding this was not a conversation suitable for a corridor, they had relocated, moving to a spacious passenger cabin.

Abel’s thoughtful allowance for them to use this cabin if necessary was a rare display of consideration for the feelings of others. ――Though, since the resolution of this matter was of critical importance to the Empire, it might have been natural for him to give that thoughtful allowance.

Gathered in the cabin were Emilia, Beatrice, Otto, Garfiel, and Roswaal of the Emilia Camp, and in addition――,

???: [The Sin Archbishop of Gluttony… Really, it’s a connection that seems to pop up way, way too much.]

Elegantly touching her cheek, Anastasia quietly murmured so, and Julius was maintaining a solemn silence by her side. The participation of these two was also essential.

That was not merely because they had traveled a great distance to cross the border to assist Subaru and his friends, but because they too had suffered from the damage caused by Gluttony.

Subaru: [The person at the crux of the matter, Louis, she’s currently with Rem and some others. I think everyone except Anastasia-san and Julius should already know about Louis, but…]

Beatrice: [Of course, in fact… Frankly, it was an outrageous surprise at first, I suppose.]

Subaru: [That… was the case for me too.]

Beatrice’s wording of “surprise” was likely a generous understatement.

In fact, when Subaru had first realized that he had been transported with Louis, his sole intention had been to protect Rem, which caused him to adopt a rather aggressive stance. At first, this led to Rem being quite wary of him, perceiving him as someone who could not be trusted.

Subaru did not know under what circumstances Emilia and the others had met Louis, but it was not difficult to imagine that their initial contact would have been fraught with tension.

With that in mind, he wanted to express his gratitude that no one had resorted to extreme measures.

Subaru: [You all did well to hold yourselves back. I’m sure Otto and Garfiel were ready to erupt at any moment.]

Otto: [Indeed, Garfiel and I were of the opinion that we should either eliminate or restrain her. The fact that she was not subjected to either was due to Emilia-sama persuading everyone else.]

Subaru: [Emilia-tan did that…]

As one might expect, it seemed that Otto was at the forefront of the radical faction, but his views had apparently been tempered by Emilia, who was of the moderate faction.

As Subaru and the others turned their gazes to her, she gave a short nod, saying “Yes,”

Emilia: [Medium-chan was defending that child… Louis, with all her might. Considering how much those around her cherished her, I was scared of trying to decide anything and everything on the spot.]

Subaru: [I see, Medium-san did that…]

Hearing that Medium had defended Louis, Subaru felt a faint sense of relief.

Originally, Louis had grown quite attached to the cheerful and caring Medium. Still, the last time Subaru had witnessed that between the two was back in the Demon City of Chaosflame, when Medium had been afraid of Louis after her identity as a Sin Archbishop had been revealed.

If Medium had still defended Louis after that, there must have been some shift in her feelings that had taken place somewhere unbeknownst to Subaru. That made him happy.

Emilia: [That’s something I’ve also experienced. Having people say that I’m reaaally scary, that I seem like a Witch to everyone, and nobody around me would want to talk to me. So…]

Otto: [For Emilia-sama’s case, it is due to irrational prejudice against half-elves. However, with this girl, there is a difference. A clear distinction, resulting from none other than her own actions.]

Emilia: [Otto-kun…]

As Emilia explained why she stood by Louis in addition to Medium’s protection, Otto bluntly offered his stern comment. He did not hesitate to clarify his position as an ally of Emilia and, simultaneously, an adversary of Louis.

Indeed, their journey together so far had been nothing more than a deferment until the final conclusion.

Roswaal: [May I have a word?]

Into the tense atmosphere created by Otto’s declaration, Roswaal raised his hand casually. As Subaru’s glance urged him to speak, Roswaal closed his blue eye, and,

Roswaal: [Ram, Anastasia-sama, and I joined later, after aaall~. We really don’t know how that girl, Louis, behaves… But, is there anything suspicious about her? Of course, Garfiel has been keeping his eyes, ears, and nose peeled on her, hasn’t he?]

Garfiel: [I wasn’t exactly peeled from head to toe like that. But, I gotta agree with Ottobro. That’s why, from the moment we met her till the big battle, I kept a close eye on her, but…]

Roswaal: [So, it turned out to be in vain. Theeen~, how can you definitively say that the girl is a dangerous Sin Archbishop?]

Otto: [Because of Beatrice-chan and I. We encountered a girl claiming to be Louis Arneb, the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, in Pristella. I had my leg gouged in then, and it is not something I will forget.]

Roswaal, representing those who had less interaction with Louis, made a statement to which Garfiel and Otto expressed their respective views.

As Otto stroked his leg, it was a reminder of the injury that had caused him to be taken out of action for quite some time.

It made sense as to why Otto, in particular, was very cautious of Louis.

Julius: [My apologies for following the Margrave, but may I also speak?]

Once Roswaal’s question had been addressed, Julius quickly joined the conversation.

In this discussion about Gluttony, Julius, who had been making a difficult face from the beginning, glanced at an even more grim-looking Subaru out of the corner of his eye and said,

Julius: [First, I would like to confirm. Is it correct that the girl named Louis, who is currently riding in this dragon carriage, is indeed the same individual as Louis Arneb, the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony?]

Emilia: [――? What do you mean by that?]

Julius: [Emilia-sama and Lady Ram must be aware. In order to replicate the powers of those it devours, there were instances where Gluttony had changed its appearance to match that of its victim. In other words…]

Anastasia: [So, yer suggestin’ the possibility that the Louis we’re talkin’ ’bout ‘n the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony might not be the same person, but someone who was consumed by the other Archbishops?]

At Julius’s conjecture, Emilia and the others wore faces of surprise.

Indeed, considering the nature of Gluttony, it was not an improbable theory. If Gluttony could mimic the form of the person it consumed, it would make sense that the original, who had been consumed, would still exist somewhere.

If this was true, then the existence of this Louis could be separated from that of Gluttony.

However――,

Subaru: […No, that’s not likely. Louis, I believe, is reproducing the abilities of those she has devoured. It must be due to the Authority of Gluttony.]

Julius: [I see. My apologies for such misleading speculation.]

Julius closed his eyes and apologized as Subaru shook his head.

It was no fault of Julius. If his hypothesis were correct, Subaru would not be as troubled as he was right now. But, they could not resort to makeshift solutions created by tiptoeing around the issue.

What they needed was not just an answer, but an answer derived from a shared understanding of the truth.

Louis had been transported alongside Subaru to the Vollachian Empire; and yet, despite being treated so harshly by Subaru, she pushed herself time and again to help him, suffered injuries, and even put her life at risk.

It was her, Louis Arneb, the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, who was the same person as the Louis that they all knew. To get everyone to acknowledge that she was an essential presence for the upcoming battle――,

Subaru: [――. First, let me explain what happened with me and Louis in the Empire after I was sent here with Rem, before any of you came across Louis.]

Everyone: [――――]

Silently, everyone directed their gazes towards him.

Under the scrutiny of his trusted comrades, Subaru unmistakably felt a sense of suffocation. It was as if a grading of exams or a verification of answers was about to begin.

It was a verification of whether Louis could truly be accepted by his comrades for who she was.

Emilia: [Subaru, there’s no need to rush.]

Emilia gently reassured Subaru, who was bracing himself for what was to come. Beatrice, by his side, gave his hand a gentle squeeze with a nod of affirmation.

Comforted by their consideration, Subaru took a deep breath and began to speak.

Subaru: [The very first thing we noticed was that we were next to a large forest far to the east――]

△▼△▼△▼△

He had intended to speak plainly, choosing his words to convey the facts as succinctly as possible.

Still, the things he had to talk about sprang forth like a gushing spring, making him acutely aware that the days he had to recount were filled with significant moments, despite the brevity of the time in question.

To begin with, a tremendous amount of trouble had occurred in just a short period.

All of it comprised accidents that endangered the lives of Subaru, Rem, and their companions, and, naturally, Louis was inevitably involved in these.

Naturally. ――Yes, it was indeed natural.

After all, Louis had been with Subaru and the others the entire time, enduring Subaru’s hostility while receiving kindness from Rem, and she persevered without being discouraged by the harsh treatment from Subaru.

So――,

Subaru: [――Louis and I, collaborating with Yorna-san, managed to win our bet against Olbart-san. It was with a bit of cheating, though, as we changed the rules from hide-and-seek, to a game of tag.]

Everyone: [――――]

Subaru: [After that, something unimaginable happened at Chaosflame, as you may have heard. The people living there miraculously survived and we were able to join up with Abel and his rebels. I lost consciousness there and got separated… You guys probably know more about what happened with Louis after that, right?]

Emilia: [――. Yes. We met Abel and the others when they came back to the destroyed Guaral, which happened right after.]

As Emilia nodded in confirmation of Subaru’s statement, he finished his explanation and took a long breath.

Even though Subaru had intended not to take up too much time, in the end, the story lasted nearly an hour. He was grateful that during that time, his companions had mostly refrained from interrupting and listened intently.

Inevitably, Subaru had to tell the story from his own perspective, but he tried to be as detached as possible in narrating the events.

With that in mind――,

Subaru: [As I’ve told you, there wasn’t any suspicious behavior from Louis while she was with me. I believe you can hear the same story from Rem.]

Otto: [We are not really doubting that. If we truly thought her suspicious, there is no way Ram-san would have allowed her to stay near Rem-san.]

When it came to her family, and especially Rem, there was no need to mention the intensity of Ram’s scrutiny.

In fact, the primary reason she had overwhelmed Ley Batenkaitos of Gluttony at the Pleiades Watchtower was her profound objection to any interference with her relationship between Rem and herself.

Ram, who could go to such lengths for a sister she did not remember.

If she felt even the slightest hint of danger from Louis, it would have been unthinkable for her to leave Louis near Rem, who had just awakened.

Anastasia: […We’ve roughly grasped how tough it was for ya, Natsuki-kun.]

Anastasia, who had been silently listening until now, was massaging her brow with a finger, acknowledging the harshness of Subaru’s journey.

Even for a woman as wise as she, the sequence of events presented a volume of information that took time and effort to fully digest. Having somehow swallowed it all down, Anastasia removed her finger from her forehead and,

Anastasia: [I’m curious ‘bout what happened to ya, Natsuki-kun, after ya lost consciousness in the Demon City, but since that ain’t the main subject, let’s put it aside.]

Subaru: [Yeah, right now, what’s important is Louis. As I’ve said, Louis hasn’t shown her dangerous side to us so far. And there’s the prophecy of Ubilk, the Stargazer… that’s a factor too. So, in the upcoming battle, having Louis cooperate with us――]

Anastasia: [――The question’s ‘bout yer story, where’s the point of compromise that you’re gonna take?]

Just like that, her quiet interjection stopped Subaru’s train of thought.

Anastasia, having voiced her thoughts, gently traced her lips with the finger that had been massaging her brow. Her intellectually vibrant aqua eyes seized Subaru’s heart as she continued.

Anastasia: [I ain’t against yer idea of usin’ everythin’ at our disposal, Natsuki-kun. Even Meili-san, who helped us cross the Augria Sand Dunes, was originally an enemy. If we’re makin’ such distinctions, then the same applies to that girl.]

Subaru: [That’s, well, the same, right? Meili and Louis should be in the same position.]

Anastasia: [No, it ain’t the case. ――I’m sure everyone but ya, Natsuki-kun, would think so.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Confronted with that calm assertion, Subaru looked around at the others in surprise.

Anastasia’s words echoed in Subaru’s mind as he scanned everyone’s faces, hoping that someone would disagree.

However, not one of them met his expectations.

Subaru: [Everyone… Hk.]

Otto: [Since no one seems to be willing to say it, I will.]

Among the group, all wearing grave expressions, Otto raised his hand without changing his demeanor.

However, his unchanging demeanor did not denote a lack of emotional response, but was a mere reflection of his calmness, sustained since the start of the meeting.

Neither his gaze nor his voice were unconditionally supportive of Subaru.

Otto: [I agree with Anastasia-sama. The situation with her and Meili-chan is different. They are not in the same position.]

Subaru: [Otto!]

Otto: [I will take it upon myself to say what no one else seems to want to. ――It is because she is a Sin Archbishop.]

Otto answered Subaru, whose voice had inadvertently risen, with a calm tone.

Anticipating Subaru’s question, Otto’s response was as fitting as it could possibly be for the reason why none present could side with Subaru.

Beatrice: [Subaru, Betty wants to stand by Subaru, in fact. If Subaru says that girl… Louis, is a girl without evil intentions now, Betty can believe that too, I suppose. But…]

Roswaal: [The fact is, Gluttony’s victims include us. Not to mention, considering that the damage is not easily apparent, I wonder what the extent of the potential victims is, riiight~.]

Julius: [Though there is no way to confirm it… The bitter regret of those who lost themselves, forgotten by others, and could not return while having anybody to turn to, I cannot imagine how they must feel.]

Following up on the concerned Beatrice, Roswaal and Julius expressed their genuine opinions, as a person heavily linked to a victim, and as an actual victim of the Authority of Gluttony respectively.

Subaru: [――――]

Roswaal and Julius were correct, those who knew they had been affected were comparatively better off.

There must have been many victims who could do nothing but be truly wrought in despair, having lost their Names and or Memories, left without a place to return, unable to be saved.

And thus, the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, who had created numerous victims――,

Emilia: [It’s not that everyone doesn’t believe it.]

Subaru: [Emilia…]

Emilia: [It’s not that… Rather, I think they won’t forgive her.]

Subaru’s explanation had not been lacking, nor had his feelings not get through to them.

Emilia’s words, with her eyebrows furrowed, shattered his heart as she explained that the real problem was not there.

Knowing about Louis’s time with Subaru, and knowing what happened after his absence, Emilia and the others knew the “current” Louis was not a threat to them.

Having understood that, the issue at hand was the actions of the “past” Louis.

Anastasia: [――The things you’ve done ain’t ever gonna disappear.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Quietly, Anastasia murmured those words.

A warning evoking despair, a warning that had once before frozen Natsuki Subaru, crushing him to pieces.

The fact that those words had been thrown at him only existed within himself. And once again, in a different turn of events, they were delivered from her mouth to Subaru’s ears.

Anastasia: [No matter how much Natsuki-kun tries to convince us that that child is harmless, it doesn’t even up the harm she did. In reality, the victims remain victims… It ain’t a superficial problem that can be brushed aside with pretenses for yer own benefit.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Anastasia: [First off, don’t’cha think that should come after gettin’ back all the Names n’ Memories that have been eaten so far? Even if ya try to proceed without them, wouldn’t Natsuki-kun also be dissatisfied with that?]

Anastasia’s sharp words sliced through the stiffened Subaru one after another.

All of their arguments were valid, but the one that caused the greatest pain was the final point―― that they could not even stand on the very foundation for deciding Louis’s fate, if the Memories and Names that had been taken were not returned.

That was the crucial premise leading to what Emilia had said, “They can’t forgive her.”

Roswaal: [Well, His Excellency the Emperor is aware of this prophecy Subaru-kun heard. Saying that we won’t let this girl, Louis, cooperate in the battle is just not realistic, is iiit~?]

Garfiel: [Huh? Whaddya wanna say? Speak clearly.]

Roswaal: [It’s troubling to have your irritation taken out on me, but… no matter how our discussion ends, the plan to involve the girl won’t change. The only thing left is how she will be treated afterwards.]

Subaru: [Treated…?]

His heart grew impatient with Roswaal, who still continued with his roundabout way of talking after being told to speak clearly. In response to Subaru’s earnest gaze, Roswaal shrugged his shoulders and spoke.

That was――,

Roswaal: [It’s a matter of what we can tell her to make her cooperaaate~. For instance―― we could promise her amnesty once we overcome this crisis threatening the Empire. And then, once everything’s done, the appropriate punishment for her crimes will be executed solemnly. This is the best way to handle it without any future problems.]

Garfiel: [――Hk, stop messin’ around!]

In response to Roswaal’s explanation of his wicked plan, Garfiel clicked his fangs and snapped at him. He glared fiercely at Roswaal, and,

Garfiel: [Even if they’re a villain, we don’t have to stoop to the same level! Danglin’ some bait that doesn’t even exist just to get her to help, no way I’ll approve of that!]

Roswaal: [Oh, really? You know, I think Otto-kun was thinking the same thing…]

Garfiel: [Don’t lump yerself in with Ottobro!]

Otto: [――. The Margrave is speaking for the majority.  Sin Archbishops should not be granted any amnesty. Or rather…]

There, Otto paused for a moment and gazed fixedly at Subaru.

As Subaru gulped under his gaze, he continued mercilessly.

Otto: [Natsuki-san, are you trying to create a precedent for Sin Archbishops being forgiven?]

Subaru: [――Hk, I don’t intend on doing anything like that. In this world, there are villains who mustn’t be forgiven. The Sin Archbishops of the Witch Cult are definitely among them.]

Petelgeuse, Regulus, the brothers Roy and Ley, Sirius, Capella; every Sin Archbishop Subaru had encountered up until now were all invariably far beyond redemption.

They were beings who would not hesitate to sacrifice others to satisfy their own desires.

However――,

Otto: [――Are you saying only Louis Arneb is different?]

Subaru: [That’s, well…]

Otto’s query attempted to lay bare the depths of Subaru’s heart.

Sin Archbishops should not be forgiven. Not just Otto, but everyone drew this line in the sand, something Subaru could clearly understand.

Yet the insistence on putting Louis in a separate category, as Otto put it, was indeed strange.

Subaru: [――――]

Under the scrutiny of everyone’s gazes, Subaru once again questioned himself.

What did Subaru want to do with Louis? They harbored great hatred for each other in the Hall of Memories, and Subaru chose not to save her as she suffered from the aftermath of Return by Death. He did not think that choice was a mistake. Even if he were to be placed in that situation once more, he would most likely make the same decision.

However, at the same time, he knew the Louis who had shared hardships with him in the Vollachian Empire.

The fact that he had witnessed her risk her life to save him and die for it multiple times was certainly engraved in his soul.

Somewhere along the way, Subaru’s vigilance had been melted away by Louis’s earnestness――,

Emilia: [How?]

Subaru: [――――]

Suddenly, a hushed question was posed to Subaru just as he was deep in thought.

As he opened his closed eyelids, he found himself looking directly into Emilia’s amethyst eyes. She narrowed her long-lashed eyes and repeated the same question once more.

That was――,

Emilia: [How did you come to think that way, Subaru?]

Subaru: [How, you ask…]

Emilia: [You reaaally couldn’t stand the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, could you, Subaru? You thought you couldn’t forgive her. So, why now?]

Subaru: [That’s because… didn’t I already tell you? She… Louis, in this Empire with us…]

They had shared many hardships, and Louis had bravely tried to protect Subaru and Rem.

The events in the Empire had left their mark on Subaru, as much as or with even more intensity than the unforgivable enemy she had been thought to be in the Hall of Memories. That was why.

That was why Natsuki Subaru’s feelings towards Louis had changed.

Julius: [Subaru, let me once again convey a harsh truth to you.]

Julius said this in a low voice to Subaru, who had answered Emilia’s question falteringly.

The fact he prefaced his words as harsh made Subaru brace himself. As Subaru prepared himself for it, Julius traced the scar under his left eye with his finger and addressed him.

Julius: [Humanity in this world will not forgive the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, the girl known as Louis Arneb. Whether it be the Kingdom or the Empire, you can say it is the consensus of the world.]

Subaru: [――――]

Julius: [Even if she were to flee to any corner of the world, there is no place where she would be pardoned. Acts of crime will be met with punishment. And, a Sin Archbishop is a criminal whose sins can only be atoned for with their life.]

There was no falsehood in that preamble of the harsh truth.

Julius decisively pronounced it in a clear, strong tone, leaving no room for misunderstanding.

There was no place in this world where Louis Arneb could live and be forgiven.

At those heavy words, Subaru was left unable to respond.

However――,

Julius: [I too, desire nothing but death for Sin Archbishops. Nothing but Death for the beings we consider enemies of the world. That is what I can say, with all my soul.]

Subaru: […Eh?]

Otto: [Julius Juukulius!!]

The person who had raised their voice sharply, glaring at Julius, was Otto.

Subaru, unable to comprehend the meaning behind those added words, was left aside with widened eyes as Otto and Julius stared at each other piercingly.

Julius’s gaze was filled with pain, while Otto’s was bitter, their eyes wounding each other.

Otto: [For you, an outsider, to say that is outrageously selfish…!]

Julius: [I am sorry, but I would like to correct your perception on this matter. I am also one of the parties involved. I am in a position to voice my opinion, so allow me to exercise that right.]

Otto: [――Hk!]

Gritting his teeth, Otto’s glare towards Julius grew sharper.

Despite knowing he was no match in terms of fighting strength, the intensity of his gaze did not even budge. Julius, too, closed one eye at that strength of Otto’s will and let out a small sigh.

Subaru: [Nothing but Death, for the Sin Archbishops…]

Beside the back-and-forth between the two, Subaru muttered while feeling as if a part of his brain had gone numb.

What Julius had tried to say, and why the perceptive Otto had snapped at him. Subaru had not noticed what had been hidden beyond the surface level of words.

Nothing but Death for the Sin Archbishops was desired. The world would not forgive Louis Arneb.

The Sin Archbishops, Louis Arneb, the world would not――.

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Beatrice: [Subaru, Betty will speak now, in fact.]

The moment he felt the sensation of a slight breeze blowing across the labyrinth of thoughts, Beatrice spoke up.

Looking up at Subaru with her round eyes of a distinctive pattern,

Beatrice: [Betty ran into the Sin Archbishop Louis back in Pristella, I suppose. After that, this time when we happened to meet in the Empire, this is what Betty thought about that girl’s state, in fact. ――It’s as if she’s a different person, I suppose.]

Subaru: [――――]

Beatrice: [That girl, she’s different from the Sin Archbishop Betty knows, in fact. How was it from Subaru’s perspective, I suppose? From the perspective of Subaru, who had directly spoken with the Sin Archbishop up close.]

Beatrice’s kind, yet inescapable words questioned him.

He understood what she meant. For Subaru, it was something he had refused to acknowledge because he did not want to acknowledge it.

That the current “Louis” and the Louis Arneb he had met in the Hall of Memories, seemed to be different people.

However, just as he had refuted Julius’s suspicion, “Louis” had been using her Authority. Just as Gluttony had used it, she was able to freely utilize the special abilities of her eaten victims.

“Louis” still possessed the Authority of Gluttony, but her mind alone had been born anew.

That was just like――,

Subaru: [Just like me, when I had lost my memories.]

If that was indeed so, had “Louis” been suffering this whole time?

Just like how back then, Subaru had chased after the phantom of “Natsuki Subaru”, troubled and distressed at being unable to trust anyone around him, had “Louis” also been seeking help?

Even if that was the case, “Louis” had still helped Subaru and Rem, and had made it through to this day.

Then――,

Emilia: [――You know, I’ve been thinking about this the whole time. Once you do something bad, is it already too late to undo it?]

Subaru: [Emilia…]

Emilia: [You apologize, you atone, but even then if you’re told that it’s not enough, then sometimes you’d get fed up with apologizing and atonement, right? So, I’ve been thinking about a way to prevent that… but it’s not easy to find such a terrific solution. But…]

Subaru: [But?]

Emilia: [There’s just one, one method that might work. It’s a method that Subaru taught me.]

Emilia placed her hand against her chest, and she carefully chose words that could fully convey her emotions.

Hearing the words that she had spoken, Subaru searched his own heart. But, among the things Subaru had taught Emilia, as for something that could be applied to this moment, nothing came to mind.

To Subaru, who had no idea what to expect, Emilia, with her gentle gaze upon him,

Emilia: [It’s to think “I want that person to be happy” more than you think “I won’t forgive that person”.]

Subaru: [――――]

Emilia: [For lots and lots of the people around them to think “I want that person to be happy.” I think that in order for us to forgive that child, it’s necessary for her to make us think that way.]

Emilia’s words slowly and gently seeped into Subaru’s heart.

A method, to forgive bad people. A method, to forgive evil deeds. A means of salvation that might lay beyond apologizing and atonement, that was the earnestly thought-out answer that Emilia had given.

Whether she had learned that from something Subaru had done, or it was something he had once taught her, he had no idea.

But, it felt like those words had fallen firmly into Subaru’s heart with a thump.

Why was it that Subaru was so concerned for the sake of a Sin Archbishop, for the sake of “Louis”?

That was because “Louis” had done more for Subaru than what Louis had done to him.

Therefore――,

Anastasia: [Once more, lemme ask ya the same thing.]

Hearing Emilia’s words and Subaru’s faint sigh, Anastasia had thus spoken.

While stroking Eridna, who was wrapped around her neck, she looked at Subaru and Emilia in turn, and spoke.

Anastasia: [――In yer story, jus’ what point of compromise d’ya intend on takin’?] So she declared.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Aau?]

As she cupped Louis’s face between her hands, who was looking at her curiously, Rem let out a long, deep sigh.

That reaction of Rem’s caused Louis’s face to look more and more puzzled as her cheeks remained cupped.

From the girl’s demeanor, Rem reflected that she must have caused her to worry.

Even though she reflected――,

Rem: [Haah…]

???: [That’s quite the sigh, Rem. Is something the matter?]

Rem: [Nee-sama…]

Just when she gave a big sigh, a gentle voice called out from beside her.

It was Ram, who had returned to their assigned passenger cabin, having prepared some tea. Behind her, she was accompanied by a girl with antlers―― Tanza, Rem recalled her name to be.

Noticing Rem’s gaze, Ram nodded and said, “Ah,”

Ram: [It seemed like she had nothing to do with the time on her hands, so Ram brought her along.]

Tanza: [It is not as if I have nothing to do…]

Ram: [Really? There was a look of dissatisfaction on your face when you were kept away from the rest of those loudmouths. Even the Empire has ideas like wanting to fight to protect women and children. Ram thought they would have been more foolish.]

Rem: [N-Nee-sama, that is a bit of an exaggeration…]

Rem’s cheeks stiffened slightly at her sister’s rather blunt statement.

It was still taking quite a bit of time to come to a thorough mutual understanding between herself and her sister, but even so, since the appeal from the root of her soul was honest, Rem could feel her heart stirring with every single move Ram made.

Regardless, Tanza looked discontent with the way Ram had put it.

Tanza: [It may be true that many of the people in the Battalion, especially Cecilus-sama, think about things in a simple manner, but among them are those who are as sharp-witted as the Governor.]

Rem: [I see. So, it was that sharp-witted Governor who told you to stay behind?]

Tanza: [――. No, it was Schwartz-sama who had told me to rest.]

Louis: [Uh.]

At Ram’s switch-up, the corners of Tanza’s mouth slightly stiffened as she replied. Immediately, Louis, whose cheeks were being cupped by Rem, moaned as the pressure of the hands grew stronger.

“Oh no!” thought Rem, as she apologized to Louis with an “I’m sorry”.

Rem: [So careless of me. Are you alright, Louis-chan?]

Louis: [Auu… Uau?]

Rem: […No, that has nothing to do with this.]

Louis: [Uu.]

Her cheeks still being sandwiched, Louis cast a doubtful gaze on Rem after hearing the latter’s answer.

Turning away from Louis’s gaze, her eyes met Ram’s, who had just been serving the tea. She placed a cup of warm, fragrant tea in front of Rem,

Ram: [Despite being a confidential dragon carriage of the Empire, it’s not as well-stocked with tea leaves as you’d expect. The flavor isn’t anything too notable, but it will keep your body warm.]

Rem: [T-thank you. I’ll take a sip now.]

Ram: [So? Did Barusu do something rude to you?]

Rem: [ Ptooey. ]

Finally releasing Louis’s cheeks, as soon as she put her mouth on the tea, she sputtered it out. As Rem quickly put down the cup, Louis tried to wipe her face with her own sleeve.

Rem: [I’m fine, I’m fine, Louis-chan… Um, what is it, Nee-sama?]

Ram: [Nothing at all. Barusu’s behavior is usually rude and inconsiderate. Even if it is guesswork, chances are high that it is the reason why Rem’s face looks so gloomy.]

Rem: [That’s also a bit of an exaggeration, no matter how you say it…]

In other words, it was just some guesswork off a hunch, so Rem breathed a sigh of relief as Louis wiped her face. But, that reaction was enough for the perceptive Ram to guess the reason for her sigh.

Sitting cross-legged just in front of her, Ram stared at Rem as she tilted her cup.

Under the pressure of that silence, Rem soon relented and confessed.

Rem: [Um, about Emilia-san…]

Ram: [Emilia-sama? Yes, Emilia-sama is also clueless and inconsiderate in some aspects, isn’t she? So is that why Rem’s face was so gloomy?]

Rem: [N-no, that’s not it! It’s just… I wanted to ask what the relationship between that person, the person called Natsuki Subaru, and Emilia-san is…]

As the tone of her voice fell, Rem succeeded in asking her question while keeping as calm as she could.

However, at this time, Rem did not realize that the very choice of topic was enough to make Ram’s light-crimson eyes narrow.

But, her astute-looking older sister quietly muttered, “I see,”

Ram: [Well, Ram ought to tear Barusu limb-from-limb. Let’s do that together later.]

Rem: [Nee-sama!?]

Ram: [Hehe, it will be a sisterly collaboration. I suppose Barusu can be useful sometimes.]

Her faintly smiling sister possessed enchanting beauty, but her remarks were extremely disturbing. And after hearing Ram’s remarks, it was Tanza who quite literally had a horn to pick. [1]

She took a sip of the tea that had been brewed for her too, and though she was surprised at the taste with a “Wow”,

Tanza: [Is that not a bit of an imprudent statement? Barusu… I suppose that is referring to Schwartz-sama. But, if you lay your hands on Schwartz-sama, I and the rest of the battalion will not show mercy.]

Ram: [That’s quite the courageous response… Tanza, how old are you?]

Tanza: [――? I will turn twelve this year.]

Ram: [That’s it. That explains it.]

Tanza: [Even though you have reached some comprehension, I am unable to understand.]

Rem approved of the dissatisfied Tanza’s view.

Why has Ram reached an understanding upon hearing Tanza’s age? To begin with, has Ram even answered Rem’s question yet?

Um, what kind of relationship does that girl Emilia have with Subaru?

Rem: […They were, awfully close.]

If she were then to be asked “So what?”, even Rem would be unable to reply with anything but “Ha?”, but Rem did have many thoughts about how close those two were.

Thus, Rem preferred to resolve this as soon as possible so she could focus on her own problems.

Rem’s problems, that was to say―― Anyway, it was Rem’s problem.

Rem: [That’s right. It’s just a trivial matter that needs to be taken care of quickly so that I can face the bigger issues. Nothing more, nothing less.]

???: [――Rem, you got a minute?]

Rem: [Ha!?]

With a loud jolt, Rem reflexively stood up on the spot. This caused Rem to unconsciously pick up Louis, who had been on her lap.

Rem lifted Louis up, who in her surprise let out an “Auu!”, and Rem yet again apologized to her, looking toward the door of the cabin, in the direction where she was called from,

Rem: [W-who is it?]

Ram: [Not just who, it’s Barusu, the one to be torn to pieces. ――It seems that their discussion is over.]

Rem: [Ah…]

At Ram’s words, as she gracefully tasted her tea, Rem let out a small sigh and hugged Louis. With an “Au?”, Louis twisted her head, and Rem closed her eyes as she buried the tip of her nose into her golden hair.

Just before, Rem had been present as of the launch of an attack on the coupled dragon carriages, but afterward, she had not joined the subsequent discussion, to which Abel had taken Subaru with a serious look on his face.

Of course, there was also the fact that she would not be useful even if she got mixed up in an important conversation, and there was also the small issue that she had ascertained earlier that was still bothering her.

However, the biggest reason was――,

Louis: [U?]

The reason was that she had an unpleasant apprehension about the one in her arms, Louis.

She did not fully know why, but Rem’s heart instinctively knew that she needed to be by Louis’s side. Thus, when she had shut herself in this cabin like this――,

Tanza: [――Schwartz-sama, come in.]

Subaru: [Ah, thanks… Wait, Tanza was here too?]

Tanza: [Yes, since Schwartz-sama conspired with everyone, and forced me to stay behind.]

Subaru: [Something about the way you put it makes me feel guilty…]

While Rem was flustered, Tanza instead welcomed the visitor into the room.

When Tanza hit him with some resentful complaints, the person who entered scratched his head in a troubled manner. Even though his stature had shrunk, the atmosphere of his troubled profile had not changed much.

That was probably because even if he were to grow somewhat taller, the childish look of his face would not disappear.

Rem: [Despite the mean looking eyes, he’s a strange person…]

Subaru: [Hey!? Just now, did someone say something bad about my eyes? I heard you, you know?]

Ram: [This is quite the considerable feat. To think that the complaints of the people of the Kingdom of Lugunica could be heard across the border.]

Subaru: [There’s no way the whole Kingdom is talking about my eyes! They’re making delightful conversation about dinner and plans for tomorrow and whatnot, I bet!]

Giving an exaggerated response to Ram’s teasing, Subaru strode into the room with a great deal of swagger.

For some reason Rem felt unable to look at Subaru, so she hid her face behind Louis, whom she was holding up with her arms, and did not face him directly.

Instead, Louis took her place and spoke an “Uau” to Subaru.

Subaru: [Yo, Louis, I also have some business with you. Would you happen to know where Rem is?]

Louis: [Aauu.]

Subaru: [I see, so you don’t know. Welp, I’m beat. Even though I had something important to tell her…]

Rem: [――. If it’s an important matter, please don’t joke around and get to the point.]

Subaru: [Whoa, Rem! So you were behind Louis!? I didn’t notice!]

Subaru forced an unnatural and exaggerated reaction when Rem interjected. But then again, his forced behavior seemed to have fooled Louis, as she shrugged her shoulders in disappointment that she could not hide Rem from him.

As she lowered Louis to the floor and stroked her head to comfort her, Rem narrowed her eyes.

Rem: […Perhaps, you’re overdoing things?]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [I think I’ve said it before. Please stop overdoing things and shouldering reckless burdens like that. After all, you’re not a hero who can do everything.]

Subaru’s attitude just before seemed to be some sort of brave front, so Rem quoted the same words that she had told him in the past.

Subaru’s eyes widened at those words, however, he immediately smirked and said,

Subaru: [Nah, surprisingly, I’m objectively viewed as Superman , so while I’m grateful for Rem’s opinion, I’ll just accept it as a cute voice.]

Rem: [Please don’t joke around.]

Subaru: [I’m not joking. ――Rem, I have something important to tell you about Louis.]

Straightening his posture, Subaru erased his smirk and said so straightforwardly.

Hearing that, Rem gulped, and in her place, Ram sighed at the exchange of the two, and,

Ram: [Barusu, shall Ram and Tanza excuse ourselves?]

Subaru: [Nah, it’s fine if Nee-sama and Tanza stay. Nee-sama can be the representative of the Big Sister Division, and Tanza can be the representative of the Loli Division.]

Ram: [You are saying Ram is superior to Frederica as an older sister. Naturally.]

Tanza: [Um, what do you mean by Lolly Division…?]

Requested to be present, Ram puffed out her chest and Tanza cocked her head.

Then, Rem gently pulled Louis closer as Subaru turned his gaze towards them again. Holding the back of Louis’s head to her chest, Rem fixed her eyes on Subaru.

And then――,

Subaru: [――Let’s resolve it. This lovely relationship between us, that we don’t really understand.]

Translation note

[1] – An attempt to maintain the pun 文字通り角を立てた, which means to aggravate a situation, but is also referencing Tanza’s literal horns. Thus it has been rendered as a play on the expression “bone to pick”.

--- Chapter 23: Louis ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Truly, their relationship had been a peculiar one, Natsuki Subaru thought.

Perhaps rather than peculiar, it ought to be called a malignant providence that had guided Subaru and his companions thus far.

Their ideologies, their ways, he despised absolutely all of it with every fiber of his being; the Vollachian Empire.

The one who had given him the unbearable yearning to cry his heart out for reasons he did not understand; bereft of her Memories, Rem.

The one he had cast the entirety of the blame upon, who he had utterly loathed; the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Louis Arneb.

Served with a situation he could not help but curse, lamenting and raging in accordance with the path that had been laid out for him, while he repeatedly continued to crash, Subaru had been able to survive through these days by dying over and over again.

Here, there were also people who he had made contact with, who had helped him, and he had helped; the Vollachian Empire.

He was together with the one whose kindness and deep thoughtfulness made him yearn to weep; bereft of her Memories, Rem.

The one who had risked her life time and time again, bravely devoting herself to him; the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Louis Arneb.

Processing the curse that had been served to him, refusing to follow the path that had been laid out for him, while they continued to gently hurt each other, Subaru had been able to survive through these days by dying over and over again.

Was it malediction, grief, or hatred? Or perhaps, without cursing, without grieving, it could be forgiveness?

The time had come to resolve this relationship, which up till now had continued to remain ambiguous.

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru’s declaration upon entering the passenger cabin cloaked the space with an air of tension.

Present in the room were Rem and Louis, joined by Ram and Tanza, totaling four. The former two were directly concerned in the matter, the latter two, witnesses; Subaru desired to converse with them.

Emilia, Beatrice, and the rest were waiting for the resolution.

Regardless of the form Natsuki Subaru’s answer would take, they were waiting.

Rem: […Has the important discussion with Abel-san concluded?]

Before Subaru, who had been considering how to broach the subject, Rem was the first to speak.

Seated beside Louis, with her hand in hers, Rem’s words, whether she was conscious of it or not, seemed like an attempt to keep things in check.

In response to her question, Subaru shook his head,

Subaru: [It’s paused for now. That discussion can’t proceed until we’ve resolved our own matters… The discussion with Abel also involves Louis.]

Louis: [Aau?]

Rem: [Why, is Louis-chan involved?]

Subaru: [It’s because according to the prophecy of the Stargazer guy, Louis’s presence is crucial for us to win this battle.]

Rem: [――Hk.]

As Subaru presented the prerequisite without concealing anything, a bitter expression crossed Rem’s face. Holding Louis’s hand, Rem looked at Subaru with her pale blue eyes and said “So that means”,

Rem: [You’re going to make Louis-chan fight, is that what you’re saying? Despite her being so small, just a child who doesn’t understand anything, you’re suggesting such a cruel thing…]

Subaru: [Whether she needs to fight or not is a question for later. But, let me clarify something first. ――The notion that Louis is just a kid who doesn’t understand anything, is a mistaken one.]

Rem: [What do you…]

Subaru: [Even though communicating with words is difficult, Louis clearly understands the situation she’s in. She chooses who she wants to side with, and who she doesn’t. Knowing that, she is here with us.]

Rem: [That’s… Hk.]

At Subaru’s calm words, Rem lowered her head, speechless.

Rem, too, understood that Subaru’s objection was the truth. If it were not so, Louis would not be here in the first place.

From the moment she had been cast into the Vollachian Empire, she was in an incomprehensible situation; she acted like a clingy child, imprinting herself onto the first people she encountered, Subaru and Rem. ――However, such an explanation could not account for the myriad of brutal trials that they had surmounted together.

If the imprinting was not a sign of love, but rather a manifestation of a defensive instinct seeking a protector in order to survive, it would go without saying that being together with Subaru and Rem was detrimental to Louis’s survival.

If she merely wanted to survive, it would have been easier for Louis had she not been with Subaru and his companions.

Ram: [On that point, Ram agrees with Barusu. Although only bits and pieces of the situation have been heard from Rem, that child being here, despite having been separated from both Rem and Barusu, is a result of her own choosing.]

Rem: [Nee-sama…]

Ram: [Don’t misunderstand, Rem. Ram is entirely on Rem’s side and has resolved in her heart to tear Barusu apart together with you later, but she won’t twist the truth.]

Subaru: [There was one part of that declaration that I can’t ignore, but thank you.]

With a feeling somewhere between gratitude and bitterness, Subaru thanked Ram, who had interjected.

To Subaru, that too felt like an attempt to keep things in check from Ram’s side. At the same time, it was an indication that Ram would be impartial in this conversation and had no intention of emotionally siding with Rem.

That was exactly in line with the way that Rem used to often describe her assessment of Ram’s behavior.

Subaru: [Nee-sama, is far too kind… huh?]

Whether those words murmured within his mouth could be heard or not, Ram snorted without giving any words, then crossed her slender legs and brought her cup of tea to her lips.

Beside her, Tanza, who seemed to have been somewhat bored, looked at Subaru with her dark eyes, and,

Tanza: [Similar to Ram-sama, I also shall not support Schwartz-sama. I am unable to gauge the situation, so please do not be mistaken if you were intending to make me an ally here.]

Subaru: [I know. Tanza is being reliably strict with me. I didn’t think you’d take my side anyway.]

Tanza: [――――]

Subaru: [Huh? That seemed to have upset you a little? Why?]

Having followed Ram’s lead and declared her status as an impartial witness, Tanza’s expression became a bit sulky.

Tanza’s expression rarely changed, but this sullen face was relatively common. Most of the time, it popped up in response to Cecilus’s unreasonable words and actions, or when Hiain ran his mouth.

Also, it was quite frequently directed toward Subaru.

Nevertheless, thanks to Ram and Tanza stating their positions, he had finished mentally preparing himself.

With that, Subaru once again turned to face his main focus, Rem and Louis.

And then――,

Subaru: [Louis, we’re about to discuss something important. It’s about you, and I won’t conceal any of what I feel within my heart of hearts. Will you listen, without running away?]

Louis: […Aau!]

Subaru: [I see. You’re a good girl. Thank you.]

After a moment’s hesitation, Louis nodded with a lively voice.

That reaction was yet another piece of evidence that she had a good understanding of what Subaru and the others around her were talking about. Rem, avoiding any eye contact, glanced at Louis’s profile.

Therein, Rem was hoping to see the emotions she desired; if Louis would show even the slightest sign of discomfort, she could use that as a reason to stop the conversation.

But, in Louis’s profile, she had been unable to find a reason to do so.

Subaru: [Rem, Louis, I think both of you have realized. That from the start, I was always really wary of Louis, and that I always shunned her… and, that I had always hated her.]

Rem: [――――]

Subaru: [She was the primary reason for Rem being so excessively suspicious of me at first. When I tried to somehow separate the two of you, I even got my fingers broken.]

Rem: [About that time… I also went too far.]

Subaru: [It’s fine. Looking back, it’s just another good memory between me and Rem.]

Rem: [Huh?]

Subaru flexed the fingers of his left hand as he answered, and Rem made a face as if doubting his sanity. Not only Rem, but Ram and Tanza too made similar faces, so despite the topic being broken fingers, Subaru changed the subject by saying “Anyway” before his heart could be broken.

Subaru: [I was actively wary of Louis. And so, Rem was actively suspicious of me. I don’t know how Louis was feeling, but you must have felt that tense atmosphere, right?]

Louis: [Uu?]

Subaru: [Even after we got separated at one point and later were reunited with all the Shudraqians, even after we retreated from Guaral, and after that around the time of the siege of Guaral, it had always been like that.]

Because of that, the gap between Subaru and Rem kept getting wider and wider, making it difficult to fill.

As for the reasons Subaru had felt hatred for Louis, the fact that her existence caused his relationship with Rem to worsen was something that undoubtedly had a great influence.

His animosity towards Louis only began to change after they arrived at the Demon City of Chaosflame, having separated from Rem.

While spending time with Louis without Rem as a mediator, she had worked her hardest to protect Subaru, and little-by-little, Subaru had no choice but to acknowledge that.

That was why, after they had split in the Demon City, and he was reunited with Beatrice at the Imperial Capital, he had been honestly happy that Louis was also there. At that point, none of the animosity that he had held at the onset remained.

Subaru: [If we just stayed like that, continuing to go on without thinking too much about it, I think it definitely would’ve been easier. But, that’s just not possible. It’s the same as a wound. Some wounds will heal if left alone, while others will only get worse. This is a wound that we can’t just leave alone.]

In order for the wound to heal, it needed to be treated.

And, for treatment, one could not just rely on magic or medicine, in some cases, more daring methods had to be used.

Thus, this was a wound of the sort where they had no choice but to resort to such means.

Therefore――,

Subaru: [Up to now, I’ve never once said it. The reason, Louis, why I hated you.]

Louis: [Uau…]

Staring into those blue eyes, Subaru poured out his feelings.

As if responding to Subaru’s serious gaze and tone of voice, Louis did not avert her gaze either. This girl had resolved herself to accept whatever he might say.

Instead――,

Rem: […Please stop.]

Biting her lip, it was Rem who spoke in such a trembling voice.

In a voice that trembled as if she was pleading, she remained holding Louis’s hand as she spoke. ――No, that was wrong. It was not that. The one with their hand being held, was not Louis.

It was Rem. It was Rem whose hand was being held by Louis, that much was clear.

Rem: [I don’t… want to hear it. The reason that you hated Louis-chan, I don’t care about such a thing. Isn’t it fine to just think that you were cold-hearted?]

Weakly shaking her head in refusal, Rem rejected Subaru’s words.

Stopping herself from putting pressure on Louis’s hand by instead clenching her other hand so tightly that her bones creaked, Rem tried to refuse what came next.

He wanted to respect those feelings of Rem’s. He wanted to grant all of Rem’s wishes.

Subaru: [I’m sorry. I won’t let you plug your ears on this matter.]

But, he must not do so.

Neither could he fulfill Rem’s wishes, nor could he show them respect.

If she did not want to listen, her only option was to flee this room. Subaru had no right to stop Rem if that was what she truly wanted to do.

However, Rem also understood.

That plugging her ears to Subaru’s words here would be tantamount to turning her back on her own missing Memories, and――,

Rem: [――――]

And it also would mean betraying the feelings of Ram, who was silently watching over her.

Rem: [Even so, I don’t want it… I don’t want… to hear it…!]

Clenching her eyes shut and gritting her teeth, Rem chose to not run away from here.

However, she felt a very, very strong urge to refuse Subaru’s next words.

While struck by her words, Subaru, again, kept his eyes fixed on Louis.

Louis: [Uau.]

Louis’s lips moved, indeed, she voiced a sound that did not form a coherent word.

That sound, he understood perfectly well that it was calling out his name, “Subaru”.

And because he understood that.

Subaru: [Louis, the reason why I hated you… why I detested you, is…]

Rem: [STOP… hk!!]

Subaru: [――Because you’re the one responsible for stealing Rem’s Memories, the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony.]

――Because he understood that, Subaru had no choice but to respond.

△▼△▼△▼△

He had said it. At last, he had finally said it, the words that had always been left unspoken.

The moment he told her, there were no deep emotions of a secret being laid bare, no heartbreaking sensation of a detestable individual being condemned.

Even now, as he revealed that which had been bottled up in his heart, there was naught but anguish of intensified weight and anguish.

And, it only got worse with the developments that followed thereafter.

Rem: [WAAAAAHHH――!!]

Her voice raised, her face grimacing, Rem’s hands reached towards him.

Her hands seized Subaru’s collar, and with tremendous force, pushed him down onto the ground; he was unable to offer any resistance, as she was positioned on top of his body.

He probably would not have been able to do so even if his body had not become smaller, but now that he was smaller, it was especially true.

If Rem were to have put all her strength into her arms, she would have easily been able to cover Subaru’s mouth.

Yet, until those definitive words were spoken, Rem had done no such thing.

Even now, in this moment as she was mounted atop Subaru.

Rem: [Why… Just why… Hk.]

Her voice strained, her face contorting with fury, she scowled at Subaru’s face at a distance so close that he could feel her breath, but still she did not utilize the entirety of the strength in her arms.

Her emotions were bursting out, but even so, Rem remained rational before crossing the final line.

Subaru: [――――]

Feeling Rem’s hot breath on his face, Subaru stretched out his hand to restrain the bystanders.

At the moment that Subaru was pushed down, Tanza immediately attempted to move to protect Subaru. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see that Ram was holding Tanza back by the arm.

From Subaru’s side, too, he appealed to the two indicating that they had done enough, and looked back at Rem who was in front of him.

Drop by drop, tears streaked from Rem’s pale blue eyes and fell upon Subaru’s cheeks.

Her eyes housed neither anger nor sadness, but rather were intensely brimming with frustration, and the reason why she had maintained her rationality and opted not to cross that last line. That was what was embodied in her tears.

That was――,

Rem: [Even without you telling me, I could tell… that Louis-chan, that she had something to do with the Memories that I couldn’t remember, I knew that…!]

Subaru: [Rem…]

Rem: [After all, what else could it have been? The only reason why you were so cruel to Louis-chan, trying to keep her away from me over and over again was because you thought I would be in danger if I stayed with her, there couldn’t be any other reason, could there…? Hk.]

Her breath, her voice, her eyes, all of them trembling feebly, Rem poured her heart out.

Upon being told this, Subaru shut his eyes. It was only natural.

Indeed, it was none other than Rem who was the victim of these lost Memories.

The thought that Rem herself could be less concerned about her own Memories than Subaru and everyone else, such an absurd notion could absolutely never be the case.

It was natural that more than anyone else, she would have been in anguish, longing for the whereabouts of her own Memories.

Rem: [I’m well aware… Do you think I’m stupid? Maybe I’m stupid. I’m just a stupid woman who doesn’t know anything. After all, I don’t know anything about you! And I don’t even want to! And yet you just barge right in… I hate you!]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [You are nothing compared to Louis-chan. Louis-chan has always stayed beside me, she’s always cared about me… She is, Louis-chan, is my…]

Those endless streams of tears not only hit Subaru’s cheeks, but they also ran down Rem’s cheeks and chin, embellishing her body and heart with teardrops, disguising them.

She knew, but she still wished that she did not.

Rem: [Everything, all of it has to be some kind of mistake… All of it, all of it is your lies…]

Subaru: [――Rem.]

Rem: [――Ah.]

Feebly, Rem’s eyes welled up with tears, and when a large teardrop fell, her blurred vision must have been temporarily cleared, for she could see Subaru’s face right before her.

Subaru, pinned down as he was, gently cupped Rem’s face between his hands, and fixed her gaze on himself.

Black and blue eyes met, and Subaru spoke to her lovely face, soaked with tears as it was.

Subaru: [It’s not a lie. Everything you thought, Rem, was true. Louis, was our enemy.]

Rem: [――Hk, what do you mean, enemy? Is it because of what she did to me, to my Memories? If so… then!]

With a strong shake of her head, Rem raised herself up as she left Subaru’s hands. As it was, she turned toward Louis, who remained standing in her initial position,

Rem: [Then, I will… I’ll forgive Louis-chan. I’ll forgive her, so isn’t that enough? See, with that, everything will be solved, won’t it…?]

Subaru: [No, that’s not enough. That, doesn’t solve anything.]

Rem: [WHY!!?]

Subaru: [――Because I will never forgive Louis for the pain she caused you.]

Her voice cracking, Rem said she would forgive Louis, to which Subaru thus declared.

Hearing Subaru’s words, Rem’s eyes widened, letting out a hoarse breath. Suddenly, Rem’s body lost its strength, and Subaru slowly raised himself up.

Rem, still on top of Subaru’s body, stood up and exchanged glances at close range.

Subaru: [It’s not just me. It’s Ram, it’s everyone else, it’s everybody who cares about you, Rem. They won’t forgive Louis. No matter how much you say you forgive her.]

Rem: [That’s, just…]

Subaru: [Besides, Rem… the things Louis did, they weren’t all to just you. Many, many more people are suffering from Gluttony’s wrongdoings because of the things Louis did.]

Even if Rem really forgave Louis, even if she forgave her out of compassion and not out of impulse, there were many more “Rems” in this world who could not forgive Louis.

So long as those people were not saved, Rem’s desperate plea would never come to fruition.

Rem: […Many, others?]

Subaru: [Yeah. To an outrageous extent. So many people are suffering.]

Rem: [Well… Well, there’s nothing that can be done about it, right?]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [From the very beginning, there was nothing that could be done, that’s the sort of issue this is, right? You’re saying that there’s nothing that can be done… Is that the resolution you were speaking of?]

Her lips trembling, even more tears began to well up in Rem’s eyes, sizable ones.

In a manner likely more intense than how she anguished over her own Memories, Rem wept for Louis.

That she wanted to save Louis regardless of her own Memories, that she truly desired to save her; in accordance with how emotional she had gotten, Rem’s lips trembled. She, wept.

Those tears, that trembling voice, both caused Subaru to feel the pain of being torn apart.

Subaru: [I’m sorry, it must feel like I’m messing with you.]

Rem: […Please, don’t apologize.]

Subaru: [But, I’m sorry. This whole time, I’ve only been saying things that are hard and painful for you, Rem.]

Rem: [Like I said, please don’t apologize… Hk. I, I don’t want to hear it…!]

Subaru: [I’m sorry, but you have to listen to me.]

Rem: [Like I said… Hk!]

Subaru: [I don’t want to give up. ――I don’t want, to continue being unable to forgive Louis.]

Rem: [――Huh?]

A gasp escaped from Rem’s throat, and her eyes opened wide.

Facing Rem, Subaru took in a deep breath and licked his lips. Word by word, he ensured that his thoughts, exactly as he had intended them, were fully conveyed to the girls who he wanted to hear them.

Subaru: [I’m the same as you, Rem. I want to forgive Louis. I don’t want to continue being unable to forgive her. But, I can’t. After all, Rem, you’re really important to me.]

Rem: [――Hk.]

Subaru: [That’s why, I won’t forgive Louis for the terrible things that she did to you, for taking away your Memories, and for causing you to still suffer like this, Rem.]

Gently reaching out, Subaru wiped a tear from Rem’s cheek with his finger.

By the time he wiped off that single droplet, many more teardrops had already moistened Rem’s cheeks. Even so, Rem did not break Subaru’s finger.

It was as if to say he had not been denied, thus Subaru continued to speak.

Subaru: [Everybody really let me have it. They scolded me a whole lot, telling me not to say or think such stupid things. I think Otto probably still thinks things would work out better if Louis were dead.]

But, that was surely the natural mindset.

This was not to say that it was a self-purification process, but everyone knew in their hearts that it had to happen. Even Subaru knew it in his mind, and that was why he had strongly faced strong opposition.

However――,

Subaru: [So said Julius. He’s an incredible guy. On the other hand, he might be an idiot. He’s as much a victim as you are, Rem, but he shouldn’t say those things like they’re normal. He’s an idiot.]

Rem: [――――]

Subaru: [I’ve been told lots of things by smart people, by stupid people… tons of things by cool people, by kind people, by amazing people, and I’ve thought. I’ve thought about it a whole lot, and I’ve decided. My point of compromise.]

Rem: [Point of, compromise…]

Subaru: [I want to believe in Louis. I want to forgive her… But, I won’t forgive her right now.]

So, as he voiced his thoughts, watching Rem’s eyes waver in front of him, the words of a certain man passed through Subaru’s mind.

???: [How could I go along with someone who decides who lives or dies based on his own fickle whims?]

The words of a man, with whom Natsuki Subaru had been incompatible, clawed painfully at his soul.

He was told that his attitude of deciding to forgive or not based on his own fickle whims, was not something worthy of trust.

There was no doubt that those words were correct. That which was the least reliable, was Subaru’s own heart.

Even so, it was a matter of reaching a compromise with this heart, something that he could not yield to anybody else, and proceeding onward.

So easily moved, so quick to come around, with this fragile and pathetic soul of his, he would reach a compromise.

Rem: [――Ah.]

Subaru hugged Rem tightly, who was surprised by his words and unable to move.

Despite the difference in height, Subaru pulled himself out from under her body and embraced the slumped over Rem’s head to his stomach.

Subaru wished to convey that he truly cared about Rem from the bottom of his heart.

And then――,

Louis: [――Uau.]

At the sound of that voice calling his name, Subaru looked at Louis.

Parted from Rem’s hand, Louis had been standing still, and knowing that it was now her turn, she called out to Subaru.

Louis: [Uu…]

Witnessing how forlorn Louis appeared as she stood, Rem, still in Subaru’s embrace, let out an “Ah” and hurriedly stood up.

Then, as Rem hugged Louis from the front,

Rem: [I-I’m sorry, Louis-chan… We, on our own…]

Louis: [Au, Uau, aaau.]

Rem: [I’m, sorry… Hk.]

With a feeble apology, Rem wiped her face with her sleeve, then stood up beside Louis.

Once again, she tightly squeezed Louis’s hand, however, this time it was with a face that did not rely upon her. He felt just a little bit envious of Louis, who was able to move Rem’s heart like that.

In addition to that――,

Subaru: [――Louis, do you still want to become me?]

Louis: […U?]

Rem: […What, are you saying?]

Seemingly not understanding the meaning behind Subaru’s question, the two of them tilted their heads together.

Indeed, they had both tilted their heads. Not only Rem, Louis had too. ――”Louis” had, too.

Subaru: [As I told you earlier, Rem. Even if you forgive Louis, I won’t forgive her. The many other people who have suffered harm due to Gluttony won’t forgive Louis either. But…]

Rem: […But?]

Subaru: [But, Louis, I want to forgive you. If I was able to forgive you, that’s what I would want to do. So, let me ask you this.]

Firmly, conscious to not let his voice waver, Subaru looked straight at Louis.

He saw Rem squeeze Louis’s hand, and Louis squeezed it back. While he hoped that this would be the answer to the relationship between the two.

Subaru: [Are you a Sin Archbishop? Or, is it possible?]

Louis: [――――]

Subaru: [It’s been said to me a lot. And, I agree. The world won’t forgive the Sin Archbishops, and it must not forgive them. The Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Louis Arneb, is a being who must not be forgiven.]

Louis: [――――]

Subaru: [But, you helped me. You protected me over and over again. You didn’t even know that you once wanted to become me. You’re completely different to the Louis Arneb that I knew. Still, you can use the Authority of Gluttony. You possess the Witch Factor.]

That was Subaru’s full impression of “Louis” from the time he had spent with her thus far.

She was of the same appearance as the Sin Archbishop, Louis Arneb, whom he had encountered in the Hall of Memories, and even though she possessed the same Authority, she did not seem to be the same person.

That was just like “Natsuki Subaru” from some time ago, and “Rem”, who was like this now.

Someone who, while being the same, was different.

Someone who could make that choice of their own will, to be the same, or to be different.

To that “Louis”, he wished to ask.

Subaru: [Are you a Sin Archbishop that no one in this world can ever forgive? Or, is it possible that you might be able to take back what the Sin Archbishop has done?]

Louis: [A, uu…]

Subaru: [Can… can you, start your life anew?]

What if, just what if.

What if the situation that “Louis” had been placed in was the same as that of “Natsuki Subaru” and “Rem”? Then, Subaru was asking a terribly cruel and unfair question.

Having no memories, having no clue as to what was happening, the hardship of being burdened by the self that one was not; Subaru was keenly aware of those feelings. Rem, too, knew them well.

And now, he was trying to force those same things upon Louis like this.

However――,

Subaru: [If you can do that, if that is what you desire, then take my hand.]

As he said this, Subaru slowly held out his hand to Louis.

Louis’s eyes traced back and forth between Subaru’s face and the proffered hand; similarly, as Rem held her breath next to her, her gaze shifted between Subaru’s eyes and hand.

Subaru: [Louis, a lot of people curse you the same way that I do. I can’t speak for all of their feelings. But, I can just say one thing.]

Louis: [――――]

Subaru: [I don’t know what you would need to do to get everyone to forgive you. It’s just… just, what you need to do for me to forgive you, that, I can tell you.]

Before he had come here, before he had been permitted this time, Emilia had told him.

Emilia had said it was something Subaru had taught her, but that was unthinkable. After all, Subaru was always learning from everyone else.

He did not even know how to resolve his own feelings without being taught how to do so.

Questions like, why did Subaru want to forgive Louis?

And, how could Subaru be able to forgive Louis? All of it.

Thus, the way to reach that, to reach the point of compromise, was――,

Subaru: [――Louis, save lots of people.]

Louis: [――――]

Subaru: [Right now, you’re going through unreasonable circumstances. I know that you’re being forced to bear an outrageously unreasonable cross, without remembering a thing. Even so…]

Taking a deep breath, with unwavering eyes his gaze fell upon Louis, he told her.

Subaru: [You can help lots of people.]

Louis: [――――]

Subaru: [If you help and help, and keep helping, continuing to help more than you’ve stolen… at least I, and I alone, will be on your side.]

――The things you’ve done won’t ever disappear.

That was what Anastasia had said to him once in the past, and then again just before, a statement that froze Subaru in his tracks.

Now, Subaru found those words no different to traumatic advice that there were some things that even his Return by Death was unable to overturn.

However, when Anastasia had made that statement, she had also said,

Subaru: [If you want people to believe you’re doing the right thing, you have no choice but to show them something that backs that up. The only way to change their appraisal is to overturn it with a different one.]

That was the most important part of the traumatic advice that Subaru had received.

The fact that Subaru was offering his hand to Louis like this now, was also because through her actions, she had overturned the animosity Subaru harbored towards her.

That change of heart that had happened to Subaru, would happen to all the people who suffered from the damage of Gluttony.

That was――,

Subaru: [――That’s the “From Zero” I’m offering you.]

Not just from zero, but on a world-wide scale, she had no choice but to start from the negatives.

Facing such an absurd, outrageous, and tremendously nonsensical challenge, it was grandly delusional reasoning, for who in their right mind would believe that such a thing could be accomplished?

But, that was the best that Subaru could offer.

So then, if facing this absurd, outrageous, and tremendously nonsensical challenge, was a grandly delusional reasoning that nobody in their right mind would believe could be accomplished, Subaru would lend his aid.

In the same way that it had once been done for none other than Natsuki Subaru in the past.

Louis: [――――]

Hand outstretched, Subaru remained still, awaiting an answer to come.

He did not rush her. Nor could he wait forever. He was giving her the time she needed, and quietly awaited the needed answer.

Rem: [I… I don’t know…]

During that stillness, beside the silent Subaru and Louis, Rem muttered.

For but a moment, it seemed as if that statement meant that she did not comply with Subaru’s proposal. However, Rem’s eyes said otherwise.

She, continued.

Rem: [About the ones called Sin Archbishops, about the name Louis Arneb, all of it.]

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [But, if those so-called Sin Archbishops, and also this Louis Arneb person, if their existence is not forgiven in this world… then what, what will this child become?]

Her voice, trembled. But, her pale blue eyes were not filled with tears.

As if to say that with a blurred and moist vision, neither would she be able to see the answer she coveted, nor the answer the other person presented, Rem’s eyes were direct.

To be neither a Sin Archbishop, nor Louis Arneb, if such was her choosing, what would she become?

As “Louis”, she would bear many unreasonable burdens, and walk a path seeking forgiveness, unaware of whether it truly existed on the other side of it all. ――Such a girl, just who would she become?

When proffered this question, all Subaru could say was――,

Subaru: [――Spica.]

Rem: [Huh…?]

Subaru: [To this girl, starting over as a new self, with a new way of life, I bestow this name.]

Rem’s eyes widened, and Louis’s eyes followed suit.

If she chose to live in a different way to how she had lived thus far, and set her sights on a completely different future from now on, Subaru intended to do everything he could to support her.

Because, in a world where nobody would forgive a Sin Archbishop, in a world where nobody would forgive Louis Arneb, he still wanted to forgive the girl who stood before him from the bottom of his heart.

So that Subaru could forgive the girl, he wished for her to become such a person, thus――.

Rem: [Spica…]

Stunned, dumbfounded, Rem uttered the name, then looked to her side.

The young girl fixed her eyes on Subaru. He, too, looked at her without averting his eyes.

He wanted things to be like this, such was his wish.

But, if he spoke it out loud, the girl would surely do so. Not of her own wishes, but because she respected Subaru’s; thus, he would not say it.

Because he wanted her to choose for herself, and not for anyone else.

He wanted her to walk and walk and keep walking, so that when she looked back at the path she had walked, she would be able to think that it was a path that she had chosen to walk.

Louis: [――Uau.]

Subaru: [――――]

The girl’s thin lips moved. Subaru’s name, was called out gently.

Silent and still, Subaru waited. He did not want to rush her. Nor could he wait forever. He had given her the time she needed, and she had chosen what was needed; he wanted to hear her answer.

Then, as Subaru desperately tried to contain himself, the girl’s expression changed.

Louis: [Auuau.]

Gentle and tender, words were spun, and a smile emerged.

Then, as tears trickled down from the corners of her blue eyes, the girl’s hand softly grasped the hand Subaru had held out.

Welcoming that light, soft touch, Subaru clenched his eyes shut.

To be neither a Sin Archbishop, nor Louis Arneb, a new way of life.

Having been a Sin Archbishop, having been Louis Arneb, a past that could not be erased.

Taking that upon herself, she would need to walk a thorny path, the girl―― “Spica”, he held her hand so tightly and firmly, as if to never let go.

Subaru: [One day, I want to forgive you. ――So, let’s do our best together.]

Spica: […Au!]

Flashing her white teeth, Spica gave a wide grin with her tearful face.

Having witnessed that smile of Spica’s from the side, Rem’s emotions swelled up inside of her, and burst forth.

Rem: [――Hk.]

With more passion and more tears than ever before, Rem embraced Spica.

Embracing her, cradling her, wailing her heart out, Rem cried. Startled by the embrace, Spica was drawn in by Rem’s emotions, and as her expression clouded over and scrunched up,

Spica: [――Aaaau!]

Spica, too, with a loud voice, her face scrunching up, in a manner befitting her age, while shouldering a destiny that someone of her age should never have to, she burst into tears.

Just like how any other being who was newly born into this world would.

Wailing like newborn babies, the girls kept crying. They just kept crying.

――Subaru, also, cried a little.

--- Chapter 24: To Walk in the Light ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――Spica, is it?]

Looking at the two crying, Rem and the girl who had been Louis up until that point, a voice muttered.

Subaru wiped his tearful eyes with the back of his hand and turned around to see Ram, the person who had spoken. With her usual calm expression, she sat with her long legs crossed and her chin propped on her arm that rested on the table.

She tilted her head slightly and looked at Subaru with narrowed light crimson eyes,

Ram: [Where did that name come from?]

Subaru: […It’s the name of a star. From my hometown, though.]

Ram: [So, you’re a poet, how out of character for Barusu. But do you understand?]

With narrowed eyes, Ram’s gaze turned toward the two in an embrace.

That was enough to let Subaru know what Ram was actually saying.

Naturally, this was something he had discussed extensively before coming to this cabin.

Ram: [Do you know exactly what it means to use a Sin Archbishop, even if for a greater purpose?]

Subaru: [――. Of course, I thought about it. I can’t say I understand for sure, but…]

Ram: [If that’s the case, then stop.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Subaru’s throat let out a small sound as the cold, hard words struck him.

However, Ram, with eyes unmoved by his pain, continued to add.

Ram: [If you don’t properly understand, then don’t do it. ――That is, to understand the meaning of facing these eyes.]

Saying this, Ram extended her hand, which had been supporting her chin, and touched the slender shoulder beside her.

It was Tanza, who stood next to Ram and watched the exchange between Subaru and the others along with Ram. Tanza had been requested to be a witness, present at the event.

Her black eyes flickered at Subaru’s gaze,

Tanza: [I am very aware of Schwartz-sama’s feelings, as we have weathered many hardships at Ginunhive and along the way since then. However…]

Subaru: [Tanza.]

Tanza: [However, I would be inclined to think that even Schwartz-sama, who brought even Cecilus-sama with him, should not bring a Sin Archbishop with him.]

Resolutely correcting the wavering light in her eyes, Tanza looked at Subaru and said this.

Tanza did not flatter anyone by choosing words that were pleasing to the ear, but rather asserted her honest opinion. Tanza’s honest, yet childlike, opinions were thus deeply felt by Subaru.

Subaru: […Yeah, I know, I’ve been an idiot.]

After Tanza’s words, he was once again acutely aware of the truth behind Ram’s words.

And that was the mistaken weight of what Natsuki Subaru had chosen.

Subaru: [I understand it alright. A lot’s been told to me, and I’m going to take it all on.]

Ram: [Yes. Ram is telling you, whatever Barusu or Rem may say, Ram will not allow it.]

???: […Hk, Nee-sama.]

Ram: [No, Rem. As your older sister, your kindness makes Ram proud, but this is different.]

Holding Spica in a tight embrace, Rem looked at Ram with tearful eyes. But, shaking her head in response to her sister’s gaze, Ram clearly stated her viewpoint.

It was natural. Ram was yet another victim of Gluttony, robbed of her other half, Rem.

He would never think of trying to say something so presumptuous such as that her position was comparable to Subaru’s.

That was why――,

Ram: [For her to want to be forgiven, the opening act for such a wish has yet to occur. The only reason why this girl… Spica, has not been torn apart by Ram even now, is the issue of Memories, that is all.]

Rem: […I don’t know how to get my Memories back right now, if anything happens to Spica…]

Ram: [However unlikely it may be, Rem’s Memories not coming back is an outcome that cannot be allowed to happen. Rem said it would be fine if they do not return, but Ram doesn’t want that. For Rem and Ram to recall just how much we loved each other, Ram will ensure we remember.]

Flatly declaring that she would regain her love, Ram’s conclusion was the same as before.

When the battle of the Pleiades Watchtower concluded, with Ley Batenkaitos dying, and Roy Alphard successfully being taken into custody, Roy’s life was not taken, as he was a possible means of helping the victims of the Authority of Gluttony.

However――,

Ram: [The only difference is that when compared to that Sin Archbishop, she is more cooperative.]

Subaru: [Ram…]

Ram: [Stop making that face. Alright? If she wants to be forgiven, she has to make amends first. That is the logical thing to do. Anyway, she had already been told this.]

Subaru: [――. Right.]

With a nod in response to Ram’s words, Subaru pressed his small fist against his chest.

Exactly as she said, Spica has been allowed a generous deferral for now. The people involved with her extended the period of deferral of her punishment because of her deeds and usefulness.

All Subaru could give her was a name to kick-start her determination to begin living anew, and assist her by getting a lot of other people to agree to extend the deferment.

Subaru: [For the time being, Spica… Are you unable to use the power of your Authority to restore Rem’s Memory and Name in one go?]

Spica: [Uu, au…]

Subaru: [As expected, that’s asking too much…]

Peeking over the shoulder of Rem’s embrace, Spica shook her head apologetically.

She was opening and closing both her hands, but it did not seem easy to freely control her Authority and return that which the Gluttonies had collected.

Rem: […Are you sure that Louis-chan… No, Spica-chan, can do this? Can Spica-chan bring back mine and other people’s missing memories?]

Subaru: [At least, Spica is the one with the highest chance, being able to do that is the minimum requirement. That in itself is already a different matter from what the Stargazer talked about.]

Rem was worried, but that was something that Spica would need to be able to do.

This was the essential condition needed for Spica to walk while bearing the cross of “Louis” on her shoulders.

To that end, Spica needed to master the use of the Authority of Gluttony――,

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [――? Um?]

A momentary, fleeting anxiety shut down her words and made Rem’s eyes waver.

The generosity exhibited by Ram, the conditions necessary to undertake that, knowing the means that must be achieved in order to do so, the Authority’s very existence was dreadful.

It was dreadful that in order to become something that was not the unforgivable Sin Archbishop, the Authority utilized by the Sin Archbishop would continue to be used, and Spica’s way of life would once again draw closer to that of “Louis Arneb”.

To keep Spica alive, meant to continue fighting against that fear.

With that resolve settled――,

Subaru: [――I’ll have you do it. I’m counting on you, Spica.]

Spica: [U! Auau!]

With definite determination housed within her blue eyes, Spica nodded vigorously at Subaru’s words.

Though Spica and the villainous “Louis Arneb” shared an appearance, their innermost feelings did not overlap. That was a hope that could certainly be believed in.

Subaru: [Tanza, I’m sorry I didn’t take your advice.]

Tanza: [――. Do you expect me to just smile and forgive you, saying it is something that always happens?]

Taking his eyes off Rem and Spica, Subaru turned back towards Tanza. The tone of Subaru’s voice worsened, and Tanza responded in a voice stiff in emotions.

At that response, Subaru shrugged his shoulders with a “No,”

Subaru: [I don’t expect that. After all, you rarely smile at me.]

Tanza: [That is not what I…]

Subaru: [I do know what you mean. But, give me a break.]

Tanza: […If that is what you want, there must be countless methods to choose from. Why not just say that her power is for the sake of the Vollachian Empire and, by extension, for Yorna-sama’s salvation?]

Tightly pursing her lips, Tanza vehemently argued so to Subaru.

Regardless of the authenticity of the Stargazer’s prophecy, if attention was drawn to the fact that Spica’s presence was essential to this battle, then Tanza would not be able to say no with Yorna’s life on the line.

But, Subaru did not like that approach.

Subaru: [I could probably get you, Tanza, to do as I say using that unfair tactic, but I don’t like that idea. I don’t want to use any unfair methods on anyone. You’re one person who I feel that especially strongly about.]

Tanza: [――. In that case, it is impossible for Schwartz-sama.]

Hugging her own thin arms, Tanza finally turned away from Subaru.

Confronted face-to-face with gestures and words regarding his cowardice, Subaru let out a long sigh.

The things Subaru wanted to do were always a path that would do nothing but hurt the people around him, the people who cared about Subaru.

Ram: [Well? How well did the unfair and cowardly Barusu play his cards out there?]

Subaru gave a wry smile at the way Ram phrased it.

Ram was kind for not letting Subaru’s self-mockery be replaced with self-satisfaction in this way. Although he really wished that he could have played his cards as well as Ram put it.

Subaru: [I didn’t do anything so perfectly. I had the means to do it over until I did it perfectly, but…]

For example, at the Gladiator Island, Subaru had been able to do that without hesitation.

Whenever he went down a mistaken path, or progressed into an undesired relationship, he gave it another go using a method to recover from those mistakes, with an assertiveness to just keep repeating in a cycle of trial and error.

Subaru: [But, now that I’m reunited with everyone, I don’t want to do that.]

As he said this, Subaru slid his tongue around inside his mouth; that which had been stored there for an awfully long time, the drug cartridge hidden behind his molar―― Ascertaining that he did not feel that package of poison, he closed his eyes.

Even if he did resort to that method again, he would never use it in order to avert his eyes from mistakes in his relationships.

And precisely because he had firmly decided that in his heart――,

Subaru: [――After all, Otto also punched me really hard.]

That even if the path he trod would force him to make sacrifices, he must not repeat it.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Ottobro, show me yer hand, ‘n I’ll fix it up.]

Upon hearing this, Otto turned to face Garfiel, who stood in front of him.

This rough-looking boy, despite his rugged exterior, had a very delicate nature. He was considerate and kind-hearted, truly embodying the essence of a member of the Emilia camp.

In response to Garfiel’s offer, Otto shook his head and replied,

Otto: [There is no need to be so concerned. It is not that serious…]

Garfiel: [Ottobro, that ain’t like ya.]

Otto: [――――]

Garfiel: [Y’know, it ain’t like my amazin’ self don’t have my own thoughts ‘n feelings. So, I kinda understand how ya must feel.]

Garfiel scratched his head and closed one of his eyes. Then, he gestured toward Otto’s hand with a jerk of his chin.

It was a painful sight, Otto’s right hand, which was swollen and bruised.

For a moment, Otto tried to turn away, to hide his hand from view, but it was foolish to think that he could do so in front of his sworn younger brother who was a skilled warrior. Above all――,

Garfiel: [You ain’t plannin’ on goin’ into an important battle with that untreated hand, are ya Bro?]

Otto: […With you saying that, I cannot really argue, now can I?]

With a wry smile, conceding to the reasonable persuasion, Otto extended his bruised right hand.

The dark, swollen fist throbbed with pain. From the sensations that he had accumulated over the more than two decades of his life, Otto was pretty sure that the bones in his fist were broken.

If anything, thinking so only intensified the pain. Whether it was broken or not, it sure felt like it was broken.

Garfiel: [Feels kinda like “Timid Domus is the first to die on the battlefield”.]

Otto: [Did that not mean that someone who is usually timid going all out on the battlefield and dying a pointless death?]

Garfiel: [Well, I wouldn’t exactly associate “timid” with ya, Ottobro.]

As he spoke, Garfiel gently grasped the offered hand and cast a healing spell.

A sensation like being gently warmed by hot water enveloped his hand along with a faint light. In just a few seconds, the pain in Otto’s fist had subsided.

Garfiel: [It’s freshly healed, so if you’re gonna punch again, use yer left.]

Otto: [I do not want to break both hands. I will leave the next punch to you, Garfiel.]

Garfiel: [If my amazin’ self did it, there’d be a massive hole, wouldn’t there? It’s only ‘cuz of yer strength that it stopped at that, y’know?]

With a gritting of teeth, Garfiel turned his head, sending his gaze towards the wall of the carriage.

Indeed, just as Garfiel had said, there was a slight indentation and a crack in the wall. That mark was made by Otto’s fist, and the height of that mark――,

Garfiel: [――Is right around our shrunken Captain’s head, huh?]

Otto: [It is fortunate of Natsuki-san that he was small at that time. If I had punched him in that state, no matter the explanation, I would have come across as the villain.]

Garfiel: [No doubt about that. Well, if the Captain were his usual size, after ya were done, I might’ve taken a swing myself.]

Garfiel chuckled at Otto’s light-hearted remark.

Seeing Garfiel’s reaction, the corner of Otto’s mouth twitched into a smile. “Oh, honestly,” he muttered, scratching his head with his right hand that had just healed.

His freshly healed right hand still hurt when he handled it roughly. But, the pain was reassuring.

Otto: [Simple as it may be, pain can be therapeutic… Oh, maybe I should have just gone ahead and punched Natsuki-san regardless of his size after all.]

Garfiel: [If that’s what you’re thinkin’, wanna go give him a smack together now?]

Otto: [No thank you. If we go now, we will see something we would rather not.]

Garfiel, trying his best to be comforting, groaned with a low “Gao…”, struggling for words upon hearing Otto’s response.

Even though he had not intended to, Otto reflected on his words, feeling as though he had unfairly lashed out. ――But, did he really have no such intention?

Could he confidently say that he had not aimed those sharp words at Garfiel who was always looking out for his best interests, fully knowing that he would never turn against him?

Otto: […This is frustrating.]

Muttering to himself, Otto, once again, smacked his forehead with his right hand, a bit harder this time.

The forehead that was smacked and the right hand that smacked it both cried out in pain.

――Presently, Subaru had headed towards the cabin where Ram and Rem were waiting. There, he was expected to confront “Louis” and engage in a conversation.

The topic likely to be discussed there was something that Otto, from the bottom of his heart, did not want happening. He could loudly declare that he absolutely did not want to be present for it.

Emilia and Beatrice, more worried about Subaru himself than the nature of the conversation, had followed him. Whether they would enter the cabin or not remained uncertain, but he could easily imagine them anxiously awaiting the outcome.

However, considering the circumstances――

Garfiel: [――――]

Garfiel, with his awkward expression and silence, probably had stayed here out of concern for Otto.

Emilia, Beatrice, and Garfiel all had a way of making Otto’s heart sour.

――Otto’s stance on the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Louis Arneb, had consistently been that she must be eliminated at all costs.

Because he believed this and had strongly resolved himself to it, there was a fact that Otto had deliberately not shared with Emilia and the others.

Since their reunion in the Fortress City of Guaral, and through several encounters with “Louis”, the girl who was unable to speak―― his ears had never once picked up on any malice from her.

Otto: [――――]

Otto’s Divine Protection of the Soul of Language had a simple function, one that enabled him to communicate with any living being, and only that. While he had most frequently used it to exchange words with ground dragons or insects in order to gather information, if Otto so wished, he could even communicate with an infant.

There was a time during his difficult days as a traveling merchant, when he had taken on the task of looking after the infants of influential figures in various lands, simply to earn some money for his traveling expenses.

Even though an infant’s voice might not be able to form words, Otto could understand the underlying intention.

In the same vein, while the utterances of “Louis” might not have formed coherent speech, Otto was able to discern her intentions. And within them, he found no malice toward others; instead, her affection towards Subaru and Rem had made up the most of it.

That was why Otto had placed a lid over this certain truth and never told Emilia or the others about it.

As long as doubts were harbored, he could prevent them from getting too close to “Louis.”

Once those doubts were dispelled, it was needless to say what kind of attitude the kind-hearted Emilia and others would display towards “Louis” or how they would approach her in terms of emotional distance.

That would――,

???: [――Otto-kun, Garf-kun, mind if I have a word?]

Otto: [――――]

With a light knock-knock on the cabin door, peeping in was Anastasia, clad in a kimono.

At her arrival with Julius, in similar Japanese-style clothing, beside her, Otto tightened his cheeks and gave a nod, signaling “Yes.”

Anastasia: [It seemed like things over there were gonna take a while, ‘n I thought it might be a bit much for all of us to wait together. I was also worried ’bout Otto-kun’s hand…]

Garfiel: [Even without yer worries, I already healed Bro’s hand. Besides…]

Anastasia: [Hmm?]

Garfiel: [I ain’t comfortable with ya callin’ me Garf-kun.]

Garfiel voiced his grievance while crinkling up his nose, to which Anastasia widened her eyes in surprise. She then chuckled, “Sorry ‘bout that,” and said,

Anastasia: [Y’see, Mimi’s always callin’ ya Garf ‘n talkin’ ’bout ya like that, so I just got used to thinkin’ of ya as Garf-kun. Is Garf-kun not okay?]

Garfiel: [Not that it ain’t okay, but…]

Otto: [Garfiel, there is no need to fuss.]

While Garfiel reluctantly stood his ground against Anastasia, Otto patted his shoulder and shook his head.

When Anastasia and company had entered, Garfiel shifted his position, placing himself between Otto and them. ――To be precise, it was not due to Anastasia.

Garfiel: [――――]

The presence of Julius, standing right beside Anastasia, was the reason.

When he had appeared in the cabin, Otto’s demeanor had shifted, and Garfiel noticed it. Grateful for Garfiel’s thoughtfulness, Otto nodded.

And then, standing beside Garfiel, who was basically his younger brother at this point, Otto presented his right hand to Anastasia and company.

Otto: [As Garfiel has said, my hand has already been treated.]

Anastasia: [I see, I see. That’s good to hear. I was thinkin’ ’bout havin’ Julius heal it if need be, but I guess I was bein’ kinda nosy.]

Anastasia playfully stuck out her tongue while looking smug as she spoke, grating on Otto’s nerves. If she thought they could not refuse her suggestion, she was unfortunately mistaken.

While Otto and Garfiel were absent from the Augria Sand Dunes, it was possible that the duo of Anastasia and Julius had deepened their friendship with Subaru, Emilia, and the others, but——,

Otto: [Unlike them, I properly remember that you two are our enemies.]

Anastasia: [――. Ya really are good, Otto-kun. Of course, I don’t dislike Emilia-san n’ the others, but… without that kinda response, I’d lose my competitive edge, too.]

Otto’s gaze sharpened, to which Anastasia responded with a gentle smile. Although her expression and voice were soft, the light in her pale blue eyes was firm, and Otto too understood.

Even though they had gone to the trouble of crossing the border into the Vollachian Empire, Anastasia clearly established Camp delineations. That was precisely why they had boarded the dragon carriage in a position of such importance to the Kararagi City-States.

In that regard, the problem was not Anastasia,

Otto: [Ser Julius.]

Julius: [Earlier, I made an excessive statement. Allow me to apologize for that.]

Otto: [Apologize, huh.]

After addressing the other party with a harsh voice, hearing Julius’s reply caused a sigh to escape Otto’s lips.

The “excessive statement” seemed to be the comment that was expressed over the treatment of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony from the earlier exchange.

In the sense that he was voicing his opinion, Julius was merely exercising his right to do so.

Those were supposed to be Julius’s own words to the then-agitated Otto.

Otto: [So, you say that you have reconsidered? That you are an outsider, after all.]

Julius: [No, the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony’s Authority… I am involved in the sense that I have been harmed by it. I also have a younger brother, whose existence I cannot recall. From that point of view too, I do not consider myself to be an outsider.]

Otto: […In that case, in what way did you exceed yourself?]

Lowering his voice, Otto furrowed his brow as he listened.

Despite having offered an apology, Julius stated that he had no intention of changing his opinion regarding the part that Otto was concerned about.

It did not come to mind, however, another reason for Julius to apologize.

To the puzzled Otto, Julius then said.

Sincere gratitude and even a certain kind of respect towards the other permeating his yellow eyes,

Julius: [Otto-dono, for taking away your role, I apologize.]

Otto: [――――]

Julius: [I could tell by your reaction. Had I not brought it up, you would have spoken the same yourself. Nevertheless, using the fact that I myself am a victim of Gluttony as a pretext, I took away your role as a person partaken in the Camp. Therefore…]

Cutting his words off there, Julius bowed deeply.

Then, with the crown of his light purple hair facing them,

Julius: [From the bottom of my heart, I apologize. I am truly sorry.]

Yes, when shown such a genuine display of apology, Otto bit hard on the inside of his cheek.

Had his reaction been any slower, he would have almost bit his lip in front of the other party. Bowing his head, Julius could not see it, but Anastasia could.

That absolutely had to be avoided.

Anastasia: [Julius really wanted to apologize for that, didn’t he? So, I was thinkin’ that if Otto-kun’s hand hadn’t healed yet, it’d be easier to start the conversation that way.]

Garfiel: […Is that so? Well, sorry ’bout that.]

Anastasia: [That’s fine. Even if without a cue, my Knight’s good at apologizin’ properly.]

Setting aside Otto and Julius, the two parties involved, exchanging such words were Anastasia and Garfiel. Meanwhile, Julius kept his head bowed, and Otto belatedly realized that his response was being awaited.

Otto needed to give a response, or this apology would not be complete.

Otto: […Your head, raise it, please.]

Taking his time, Otto slowly addressed the other party.

In response, Julius also began to slowly raise his lowered head. Seeing the Knight in his kimono , with the scar under his left eye accentuating his dashing features, Otto sighed.

And――,

Otto: [That your statement was not malicious, and that you were trying to cooperate with Natsuki-san, I do not doubt. But, you are our enemy. That remains the same.]

Julius: [Otto-dono.]

Otto: [I am not a Knight, so we have no opportunity to cross swords. You are neither a merchant nor a civil official, so we have no opportunity to cross words. ――Nevertheless, though we are in a position to cross neither swords nor words, you are my enemy and I am yours.]

Tightly clenching his fist hard enough that it hurt, Otto declared to Julius.

Taking Otto’s words head on, Julius’s eyes widened. Be it astonishment or amazement, the fact that it was not the kind of surprise that one would direct at someone they did not think of as an enemy protected Otto’s pride.

Otto: [Anastasia-sama, I would like to say this beforehand… No matter what Natsuki-san’s and Emilia-sama’s opinions are, the reason for making use of the Sin Archbishop is in the Empire. If we are slandered because of the Sin Archbishop’s existence, it is the Empire that should bear the blame.]

Anastasia: [――Hmm, I got no objection to that either. Even if I did, I don’t think I’d undertake such a thing myself. ‘Cause, ya know, it is what it is, right?]

Anastasia closed one eye at Otto, who turned in her direction and made a pertinent argument.

As she stroked her white fox scarf, she turned her gaze in another direction―― towards the cabin where Subaru and the others probably were.

Anastasia: [No matter what kinda plan it may be, as soon as a Sin Archbishop ‘s allowed to be involved, people around us’ll be disgusted, regardless of how deep or shallow the relationship is. This ain’t true just for the Empire, or just the Emilia Camp, it’s true for us too.]

Otto: [――If you understand, then that is fine.]

Nodding to Anastasia’s answer, Otto relaxed his shoulders slightly.

If a Sin Archbishop was involved in a matter, it could not be received positively in any situation. That was the framework of this world and an unshakable truth.

No matter what the victim Julius said, no matter how the kind-hearted Emilia showed the path to forgiveness, and no matter what the foolishly hopeful Subaru wanted, this remained true.

For that reason, they must thrust at one another.

Knives pointed at each other’s necks, while mutually pressing their fatal wounds.

Otto: [――Sorry, there is something I need to do. Excuse me.]

After confirming their common understanding, Otto suddenly said so.

Hearing that, Anastasia tilted her head with a, “Is that so?”. Beside her, Julius digested Otto’s earlier declaration, his surprised expression tightened, but Otto could not bear to look at him for too long, so he quickly turned away.

Garfiel: [Bro! My amazin’ self too…]

Otto: [Garfiel.]

Garfiel: [Huh?]

Otto: [I’ll be fine by myself.]

Swiftly, Otto attempted to leave the cabin. As Garfiel tried to follow him, Otto blocked him with his hand, saying so in an easy-to-understand manner.

It was not that he was okay alone, it was a plea that he wanted to be left alone. And then, the considerate younger brother obediently listened to him, nodded, and saw him off.

Otto: [――――]

Closing the quiet cabin door, Otto departed with long strides.

He left Garfiel in the same room as Anastasia and Julius. He was worried about what they would talk about, but he did not have the emotional leeway to support him.

He did not run, but his mind was in such disarray that he wanted to run.

Otto: [My role, taken…?]

Wanting to apologize, his head bowed, Julius’s words echoed within Otto’s head, causing him to clench his molars.

To be able to apologize, Julius was indeed the Knight of Anastasia, a sincere and earnest person. Such a pleasant thought, did not at all come to his mind.

He just felt very bitter about Julius’s misunderstanding.

Julius was making a big mistake.

Had Julius not said anything, Otto would never have said something that would poke a hole in Subaru’s impasse.

It was true that as Julius said, he would be lying if he said he did not have the same thoughts as him, but one could be assured that Otto would never say that, even in his death.

It was not because he was deprived of his role that he was so furious.

Otto was furious with Julius there because he said something he should not have said―― No, he did not want him to say. Julius did not understand that.

And yet, the one making that misunderstanding――,

Otto: [Indeed, those two are alike.]

At his core, this was proof that Julius was an idealist just like Subaru.

He believed that human beings were fundamentally good. But that was not because he was carefree. It was not because he was ignorant of reality. Even knowing the reality, he was still able to boast like that.

That was the same as Natsuki Subaru and Emilia, their way of walking in the light.

Otto: [――Hk.]

??? [――Otto-kun, that’s no good.]

Suddenly, Otto felt his arm being gripped, snapping him back to reality.

Looking to see what had happened, he realized that he had unconsciously raised his arm, which was now being restrained by someone from behind.

Most likely, in a surge of emotion, he had just been about to punch the wall. It was the very right hand which had just been healed by Garfiel.

???: [This is Garfiel’s healing magic, isn’t it? It seems that it has just been healed, so it’d be awkward for you if you break it again right away.]

Otto: […I acknowledge that I did something stupid, so would you let me go?]

He involuntarily muttered with a low voice, surprising himself a little. But, the other party, seemingly used to it, made no mention of it and released Otto’s arm.

Standing there was Roswaal, who he never really wanted to run into. Although Otto never really wanted to encounter him, he now felt especially averse.

Roswaal: [That expression suggests you don’t even want to speak with me, doeeesn’t~ it?]

Otto: [If you can see that and still approach me, then you, Margrave, are truly relentless.]

Roswaal: [That’s an uncharacteristically dull retort from you. Seems like you’re taking it harder than I thooought~.]

Otto: [――――]

Naturally, Roswaal had also been a part of the earlier discussion in the passenger cabin.

He was well aware that Otto’s heart had been furious during that meeting, as well as that he held an unyielding stance on how to treat the Sin Archbishops.

Knowing this and still acting this way, it was clear as day that Roswaal intended to provoke Otto.

If that was not the case, then he was far too inept at interacting with others.

Otto: [I am sure you can tell, Margrave, but I do not have the patience for this right now. If you do not wish for your whole body to be munched on by the rats that I have purchased, I would advise against ruffling my feathers.]

Roswaal: [If I ever find myself being nibbled by rats, I’ll know that you were behind it. That may have been useful to hear, but… I’m genuinely concerned about you.]

Otto: […About me?]

As Otto responded with skepticism, Roswaal nodded.

With that response, Otto understood that Roswaal was pestering him from a different angle. That being done to him in a situation where he lacked patience made him truly feel nauseated, making it all the more abhorrent.

Otto: [Margrave, what are your thoughts?]

Roswaal: [Me? I’m of course in the same boat as you, Otto-kun. I couldn’t care less if the Empire is destroooyed~.]

Otto: [――――]

Roswaal: [Oh, perhaps I was mistaken? The Sin Archbishops are nothing but poison incapable of doing any good. Instead of pondering on how to make use of them, it would be better if the Empire just disappeared. Just as you suggested to Subaru-kun, it’d be fine if we just returned home bringing back only the members who he would feel guilty about abandoning.]

Roswaal’s attitude, shrugging as if to say “It was a great idea”, plainly displayed Otto’s own views back at him, giving him an unpleasant mood.

Shamelessly speaking in order to draw close to him, Roswaal went out of his way to fire Otto’s approach back at him, showing that the sheer nastiness of his character was reaching its peak.

At the same time, even though Otto recognized the pragmatic side of his own suggestion, he was repelled by his own inclination to think of it as the best solution.

Observing this self-loathing Otto, Roswaal peered closely and remarked,

Roswaal: [I will tell you this much, I think you’re doing more than enough, Otto-kun.]

Otto: […It seems that without makeup, even your sharp tongue is dulled, Margrave. It almost sounds as if you are trying to close the distance with me.]

Roswaal: [I have no talent for getting close with people, so don’t assume I am doing so. Either way, I believe you’re doing more than enough. But, there’s also the matter that it doesn’t matter how much you struggle.]

Otto: [――. It does not matter, how much I struggle?]

Caught off guard by Roswaal’s choice of words, Otto’s eyebrows twitched.

As Otto repeated it, Roswaal gave a deep nod. He rested a hand on the slender chin of his makeup-free face, and as he closed a single eye, leaving his blue eye open,

Roswaal: [This recent incident serves as a perfect example. In most cases, things go according to how Subaru-kun and Emilia-sama desire them to. Everyone rallies around, organizing their efforts, arranging the path for their wishes to be met.]

Otto: […What are you saying?]

Taken aback by Roswaal’s sudden assertion, Otto furrowed his brow.

The idea that Subaru and Emilia’s wishes always came true was incredibly absurd. If that were the case, Emilia would have been crowned the Monarch and taken on the name Natsuki Emilia long ago.

The fact that this had not happened, meant that it was not the case.

Otto: [Are you mocking me? Or perhaps, are you ridiculing Natsuki-san and Emilia-sama?]

Roswaal: [Neither. I merely pity you. Your family’s contributions played a part in our journey from Lugunica to Vollachia. For that, I am grateful to you, and it is out of this gratitude that I offer this earnest advice.]

Otto: [――――]

Roswaal: [Becoming overly engrossed and finding yourself at odds with Subaru-kun and Emilia-sama is toxic for you. This toxin will erode you, and I fear that it may eventually kill you. After all, someone as capable as you is hard to come by.]

Gently, as he calmed the tone of his voice, Roswaal spoke in a straightforward manner.

At some point, he had dropped the clownish intonations in his speech, and he appealed to Otto Suwen with sincerity in his heterochromatic eyes.

At those words and attitude, Otto stayed silent for a while, and after a bit, he noticed it.

The aim of the person named Roswaal L. Mathers.

Otto: [Margrave, I have understood your words. Therefore, I shall not follow your advice.]

Roswaal: [Hmm…]

Narrowing his eyes, Roswaal let out a long sigh with a hint of concern.

After that, to him as he tried to hear the truth for why his advice was rejected, Otto declared.

Otto: [I understand. ――I must be a hindrance for you. After all, I have not forgiven what you had orchestrated, Margrave, and I suspect that you are still plotting something.]

Roswaal: […Oh?]

Otto: [That was why you decided to approach me after seeing that I had a great deal of discontent built up. Perhaps you thought it a perfect chance to get rid of me under a plausible pretext, but that was a grave mistake.]

Indeed, Roswaal’s assessment was accurate.

The earlier exchange had been, in the time since Otto had joined the Emilia Camp, perhaps the moment he had felt the most anger. Before joining the Camp, there had been an incident that had angered him to the point of punching Subaru, and this anger rivaled that.

Otto: [Although, if you were thinking that I would just give up on everything because of that, you are gravely mistaken.]

Roswaal: [Otto-kun…]

Otto: [First of all, what was all that nonsense just now? Whatever Natsuki-san and Emilia-sama wish for will come to pass? Please do not utter such absurdities. That is not true in the slightest, which is why I, Garfiel, Beatrice-chan, Ram-san, Petra-chan, Frederica-chan, Patrasche-chan, and everyone else have struggled so desperately to get to this point.]

Saying that he was extremely misguided, Otto was viscerally furious at Roswaal.

Roswaal’s earlier assertion was this.

Whatever Subaru and Emilia desired, the people around them would somehow make it happen, so it was not necessary for him to be overly concerned and wear himself out. That no matter how much he objected, his opinion would be suppressed, making his presence meaningless.

However――,

Otto: [Such a thing, I could never.]

Roswaal: [――――]

Otto: [Margrave, about what you said, I do not know to what extent you were indicating that everyone rallies around them… At the very least, supposing I were to side with all of Natsuki-san’s opinions, affirming them all, and arranging the path such that everything would come to pass. ――I do not consider myself capable of doing such a thing.]

He was not like Beatrice or Garfiel, who could lend their powerful abilities.

Nor was he like Ram, Frederica, or Petra, who could provide their indispensable support.

He did not have the power to grant all their wishes either, so what was the meaning of Otto being there?

Otto: [I cannot do that. I will not acknowledge that. I will not allow that. Whenever Natsuki-san and Emilia-sama desire something, the moment that I stop speaking out, will be when my very reason for being ceases.]

Roswaal: [――――]

Otto: [Unfortunately for you, Margrave, it will not be as you desire.]

While intensely staring at Roswaal, Otto plainly declared so.

It was probably the first time that Roswaal had been so one-sidedly pressured in the span of a single breath.

Of course, while it had never been expressed aloud, there had always been this kind of intense tension between Otto and Roswaal.

For that reason, when Roswaal saw the opportunity, he approached Otto in an attempt to remove a hindrance, and attempt to set the board to his advantage.

But, Otto would not yield. At least, not because of today’s ludicrous reasoning.

Otto: [I have decided where I stand. I cannot walk in the light, and that is fine.]

Roswaal: [――――]

Otto: [That was a bad move, Margrave. It would have been better had you not approached me.]

Nevertheless, the outcome would have remained unchanged, or so he would have liked to say.

However, if he had at least taken more time before reaching an outcome, it may have swayed. But, Roswaal’s haste to get the result that he desired had led to the opposite, to an undesired result.

And, it was at the moment when Otto caught his breath in front of Roswaal, who wore a pleasantly different sullen face.

???: [Ah, Otto-san! Found you!]

Upon being called by a high-pitched voice, accompanied by the patter of tiny footsteps, Otto turned around.

Thereupon, his eyes met with Petra’s, who was running towards him while waving her hand.

Otto: [Lady Petra… I mean, Petra-chan.]

Reflexively addressing her out of the habit that had formed when they were undercover, Otto placed a hand over his mouth and corrected himself. Petra, who had run up to Otto and was slightly out of breath, asked,

Petra: [Otto-san, is your hand okay? I heard you punched the wall with all your strength…]

Otto: [Everybody seems to be asking me that. Fortunately, Garfiel healed it for me, so it is fine. Sorry for making you worry.]

Petra: [No, not at all, as long as you are okay, then it’s fine… What is the Master doing?]

Giving a wry smile, Otto showed Petra his unharmed hand since she had been worried. Relieved, Petra immediately changed her expression and glared at Roswaal.

In response to that gaze, Roswaal weakly shook his head and said, “No”,

Roswaal: [I was just reflecting on my habitual behavior.]

Petra: [The Master is…? Since you never reflect on anything, would it not taste like nothing?] [1]

Roswaal: [Uwah.]

Otto had also intended to put a lot of pressure on Roswaal, but the impact of Petra’s single comment was incomparable.

In fact, Roswaal’s shoulders had drooped, but Petra, who had been watching Roswaal intently, suddenly exclaimed “Ah” as if she had just remembered something.

Then, she turned towards Otto, the ribbon on her head swaying,

Petra: [Speaking of which, I didn’t just hear about your hand. A little while ago, you guys were talking about Louis-chan, so…]

Otto: [Ah, yes, that is right. For that as well, sorry for making you――]

Petra: [So I went ahead and hit Subaru in your stead, Otto-san.]

Otto: [――――]

Thrusting out her small hand that was tightly clenched into a fist, Petra declared so.

Looking alternately at the outstretched fist and at Petra’s enthusiastic face, Otto blinked his eyes in surprise.

At Otto’s reaction, Petra’s breathing became a little rough, and,

Petra: [Otto-san, I heard that you held back. Because Otto-san would have felt sorry for hitting Subaru, who’s now small. So, I did it myself!]

Opening her closed fist, Petra showed off her palm. As she peeked at him from behind her palm, Otto stayed silent for a while.

But, he could not hold back.

Otto: [Ha, hahaha, ahhaha!]

When Julius had apologized to him, he had endured the discomfort.

When Roswaal had gone on the offensive, he had even endured the helplessness of being showered with blows.

But now, when faced with Petra’s words of good sentiment, he could not endure it.

Laughter did not mean that everything was settled.

With the issue still remaining, as always, Otto was opposed to Subaru’s thoughts.

Even so, while remaining opposed, since his reason for being was to keep saying that the point of compromise Subaru had found was unacceptable, he would continue to say it.

He would never give in.

Otto: [Petra-chan.]

Petra: [Yes?]

Otto: [Thank you.]

Saying that, Otto placed his palm against the palm that the young girl had extended.

A light clap resounded, and Petra laughed, saying, “My pleasure.”

Translation Note:

[1] – Roswaal says he is 噛みしめる, which literally means “to chew on”, but is used to mean reflecting on something. This is why Petra comments on the taste.

--- Chapter 25: The Wishes of Those Who Near Death ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Your Excellency the Emperor, Vincent Vollachia.

Looking at him with a serious expression, Flop had addressed him in such a manner, and Vincent closed a single eye.

Flop and Medium had abruptly confined Vincent in a cabin of the coupled dragon carriages; this blond-haired sibling duo did not comprehend exactly how terrible of an act they had perpetrated.

A reckless act, that would likely warrant them the death penalty if witnessed by anyone; their reason for doing such a thing was to transmit a message from somebody else, so there must have been something wrong with them.

And to top it all off――,

Flop: [Before I deliver the message, may I take a little while to tell you an old story?]

Still donning his serious expression, he had suggested such a thing.

Vincent: [――――]

Unable to read Flop’s motives, Vincent stayed silent with one eye still closed. Perhaps thinking that the silence put him in an advantageous position, Flop continued with “That and,”

Flop: [I’m aware it’s impudent, but… after you hear the message, would you allow me to ask a favor of you?]

Vincent: [Hey.]

Flop: [My my, that’s quite the scary face, Your Excellency the Emperor! However, please don’t forget. I’m the only one who knows the message you ought to hear, so you shouldn’t carelessly try to silence me.]

Vincent: [I also have the option to order Olbart Dunkelkenn, who would force it out of your mouth via shinobi torture methods.]

Flop: [Isn’t it fine if we just have a peaceful chat together, Your Excellency the Emperor!?]

Once Vincent included a threat, Flop immediately raised both of his hands.

This was not merely a matter of having the courage to engage in negotiations against the Emperor. That said, the matter of the old story he had prefaced with, and the matter of the favor that had followed must have both been quite important to him, such that he went out of his way to bring them up.

But then again――,

Medium: [But big bro, there isn’t a lot of time, right? At this rate, if Abel-chin doesn’t return~, won’t Goz-chin and the rest kick up a fuss? Regardless of your request, what’s the old story?]

As Medium tilted her head, it almost seemed as if her brother had not shared any information with her.

Vincent: [You, do not support your brother’s reckless actions without questioning anything.]

Medium: [Huh~? But, it’s what big bro was doing, right? If it’s him, then I’ll help out, no matter what he’s doing~. That’s my family oath. Isn’t that the case for Abel-chin too?]

Vincent: [Fool. Are you unaware of how Vollachian Emperors are conceived?]

Medium calmly spoke in a foolish manner, and when she heard his reply, her eyes blinked in surprise. Witnessing her sincere reaction, Vincent cast a reproachful gaze upon Flop, as if to say “even a lack of common knowledge ought to have its limits”.

Though it was by no means a nice story to hear, it was common knowledge that the brothers and sisters of the Vollachian Imperial Family would kill each other to decide the next Emperor.

For Medium to not even know that, Vincent suspected some bias in Flop’s methods of teaching.

But, for whatever reason, Flop smiled upon receiving that gaze of Vincent’s,

Flop: [I know what that gaze means, Your Excellency the Emperor. You’re surprised at my sister’s lack of common knowledge, aren’t you?]

Vincent: [What else is there to be said? Additionally, cease referring to me as “Your Excellency the Emperor” every single time. If naught else is applicable, just “Your Excellency” shall do fine.]

Flop: [I see, I see. Understood, Your Excellency the Emperor-kun.]

Vincent: [――――]

Nodding his head and maintaining his smile, Flop continued, and Vincent narrowed his eyes.

It could also be felt in his serious expression from just before, but today, Flop was not just a friendly merchant, rather, it seemed as if he intended to show the face that laid beyond his title.

To be precise, a person who had some sort of reservations while facing Vincent, was the face he intended to show.

Flop: [Dear sister, you just asked me, right? About why I want to tell an old story. Well, that’s because in our past, there’s a connection between us and His Excellency the Emperor-kun.]

Medium: [Huhh!? Really!? Between us and Abel-chin!? What is it!?]

Flop: [Hahaha, come on now, no matter how you look at it, you’re far too forgetful, dear sister. His Excellency the Emperor-kun is the Emperor of the Empire. In other words, it’s because he has connections with the Nine Divine Generals――]

Medium: [――You mean Ballebro?]

Her eyes widened in surprise, and the liveliness of Medium’s expression suddenly vanished.

She had voiced somebody’s nickname, and there was also the term Nine Divine Generals from just before. Drawing a connection between the two, a single name naturally emerged in Vincent’s mind.

Vincent: [Are the two of you related to Balleroy Temeglyph?]

Flop: [Yeah, that’s right, Your Excellency the Emperor-kun. He’s what you’d call our sworn brother. We spent some of the most sentimental years of our lives with him, he’s our extremely, extremely precious and beloved family!]

Firmly clenching his fist, Flop raised his voice as he answered, to which Vincent let out a sigh.

The ends of Medium’s eyebrows drooped, and her gaze alternated between her brother and Vincent. It was clear that bewilderment and signs of sorrow had emerged on her countenance.

Flop: [It also seems like High Countess Serena Dracroy happens to be riding this dragon carriage too. As a matter of fact, my sister and I were also in the care of Countess Dracroy for a period of time.]

Medium: [Sisrena…]

Flop: [By the way, this is a nickname that Countess Dracroy forced Medium to use so that they wouldn’t feel like strangers, and so that the Countess would never be treated like a woman who’s older than she really was. Amusing, right?]

Vincent: [Get to the point.]

To bring up meaningless topics and cause people to lose concentration was the style of a peddler.

He had formed an estimation the moment it had been revealed that this sibling pair had connections to both Serena and Balleroy. Originally, Balleroy Temeglyph was a subordinate of Serena Dracroy, and thanks to his definite capability, he was called upon to become a Divine General; there were great expectations for his future as a General.

However, knowing Balleroy’s whole story, the gazes of many generals and soldiers would turn to disappointment.

He had rebelled against the Emperor, and had died a violent death upon his failure―― That was the end of Balleroy that the world knew; the conclusion of the man whom these two called family, that would be recorded in the history books.

Vincent: [――No.]

Resurrected and having become an undead, it was likely that the descriptions of Balleroy Temeglyph left in the history books, would not end with just insurrection, but with him becoming a being that brought ruin to the Empire.

Despite having thought about that fact, Vincent did not speak of it to Flop and Medium.

Because he anticipated that if he were to bring up the matter of the undead Balleroy right here and now, the topic Vincent desired would only get further and further away.

Either way――,

Flop: [Right, let’s get down to business. My old story isn’t really that long either. After all, Medium happened to already touch on the main point.]

As the ends of his eyebrows slightly lowered, Flop slowly shook his head.

At his words, Medium gave a clueless face, but Vincent made no made no comment of it. This conversation with the siblings constantly veered off course, and thus he would only interject when it did get off topic.

Flop: [Medium and I were orphans, we were raised in a shoddy institution. We got rescued from there, and were brought to Countess Dracroy’s domain… that’s where we met Balleroy, and became sworn siblings with him. Got everything so far?]

Vincent: [――Proceed.]

Flop: [Those really were some busy days. Both Medium and I were pretty ignorant about the outside world, so anything and everything we saw was fresh and new. Countess Dracroy was someone who had a very broad outlook on things, so she gave us, who had no place to go, an education.]

Vincent: [Considering all that, it has not produced any results for your sister.]

Medium: [That’s ‘cause, I preferred doing physical activities with Ballebro and the others…]

Pouting her lips, Medium seemed to have regained at least a small amount of her good mood.

Vincent had also heard of the circumstances in the Dracroy Domain that Flop spoke of, and surprisingly, the administration of the territory was something that could be evaluated favorably as well.

Known as the Scorching Lady, she was often evaluated as having a rough temperament, but the special quality of Serena Dracroy was the flexibility of her ideas, which were unbound by any preconceived notions.

In most cases, the people of the Vollachian Empire did not have the vision to look at things from a long-term perspective.

Since the majority of children did not show promise of serving effectively as manual labor or as military strength, many people were born, and among them, those who were blessed with ability and circumstance would survive, with very few attaining great success as strong individuals.

Though it was a different case for the people of one’s own family, this was a country where the endeavor to raise a broad range of capable people by cultivating them during their childhood was mostly considered to be an impracticable theory.

Flop and Medium were two siblings who had been blessed with that rare opportunity. ――No, Balleroy, whose talent had been discovered, had also been one of those people.

Flop: [Of course, it wasn’t all just fun things, and Countess Dracroy couldn’t always be kind to us. Back then, Countess Dracroy had just usurped the domain from her father by herself, so it was pretty busy for her.]

Medium: [We also faced plenty of dangerous situations.]

Flop: [Like when those assassins attacked, aiming for Countess Dracroy’s life. Those were tough times.]

While the two reminisced on their fond memories, Vincent searched for the main point of the matter.

But then again, the main point had already been touched on near the start. Putting it this way, there were words he had grown accustomed to being told, and gazes that he had grown accustomed to being turned to him.

The words and gazes of these two likely conformed to those.

That was to say――,

Flop: [We got through those days together, there was a strong bond between us siblings and Balleroy. It’s precisely because of that relationship, that I want to ask you this, Your Excellency the Emperor-kun.]

Vincent: [――――]

Flop: [Our sworn brother, Balleroy Temeglyph, as is widely known to everyone, was a foolish traitor who couldn’t see ahead, and lost his life after failing to achieve a desire beyond his station… But is that really true?]

Having asked that question, a stillness returned to Flop’s expression once more.

For himself and his sister, he was a sworn brother, but to the Empire, he was a traitor; such was the position of Balleroy Temeglyph, and of his death, Flop now enquired the truth from Vincent.

As expected, these were words that had been said to Vincent plenty, and a gaze that had been turned to him many times.

To die on the battlefield was the honor of a warrior, to refuse to yield even when pierced by swords was the way of the Sword Wolf.

Even the Vollachian Empire, a place where such things were valued, was not entirely filled with those who would celebrate the deaths of those close to them. It was logical that human emotions would seek out the meaning and reason behind death.

Henceforth, Flop and Medium asking him this here, was lamentation that he had grown accustomed to.

Vincent: [For what reason, do you doubt? Do you suspect that impurities have mixed into the rumors that have circulated through the streets, and feel you cannot place trust in them?]

Flop: [Nah, that’s not it. It’s just, I finally got my long-awaited chance to speak with someone involved. Then, it’s not that strange to think that I’d want to hear a story that’s much more trustworthy than the gossip, right?]

Vincent: [Though, this opportunity for dialogue was forcibly created by the two of you.]

When Flop tried to twist it into a matter of being an unlikely convenience, Vincent added that brief comment.

And then, for a short while, he went into an unusual state of deep thought.

The death of Balleroy Temeglyph, as was spoken of on the streets.

The descriptions of his death left in the history books, would have been that he had perished, violently, in the failure of his attempted insurrection.

What Flop and Medium heard, too, should have been nothing more, and nothing less than that. Thus, Vincent would not consider restoring Balleroy’s honor past his death.

The story was nothing more and nothing less than that, thus the world in which it was propagated was correct.

Flop: [I want you to answer, Your Excellency the Emperor-kun. Once I know that, I’ll deliver the message to――]

Vincent: [――. I do not know what it is you desire, but…]

The rumors you have heard are not mistaken , thus Vincent had tried to answer.

However――,

Medium: [――Abel-chin.]

Vincent’s words were interrupted by a feeble, short call.

Vincent: [――――]

Standing before the cabin door, Medium was obstructing him from going outside―― No, it seemed like she no longer had such intentions.

Standing stock still, Medium’s shoulders, of rather high stature for a woman, had been made smaller as she tightly hugged her own arms and looked at Vincent. In her blue eyes, tears had welled up.

He had long become used to seeing people get teary-eyed while they made entreaties or pleaded for their life.

Hence, that did not cause Vincent’s heart to waver in the slightest. But, although his heart did not waver, it gave his presence of mind a short while longer to ponder.

――Flop and Medium, though he did not know what it was they desired.

Indeed, Vincent had tried to give that answer.

However, was that truly the case? What these two desired, he was sure to know. What these two desired was obvious, and Vincent had the answer.

He had it, but even so, he did not speak. That was Vincent’s way of doing things.

But, that way of doing things, it could be crowned with the title of “same as ever was”.

Vincent: [――――]

The “same as ever was” method, was something that decided everything based on Vincent’s own thoughts.

But, with the “same as ever was” method, Vincent had the rug pulled out from under him by his loyal retainer. He had received a hard punch from a man with a naive mind, saying that the act of regarding conjecture as a certainty was off the mark.

The “same as ever was” method, had its limits.

What was required of Vincent, had to be the “beyond what ever was” method.

Thus, in order to obtain that method――,

Vincent: [――The true circumstances behind the death of Balleroy Temeglyph, they differ from the rumors that have been disseminated throughout the streets.]

Indeed, Vincent had chosen to give an answer that differed to the “same as ever was” method.

△▼△▼△▼△

Flop & Medium: [――――]

The moment they heard Vincent’s answer, an alteration was yielded in the expressions of Flop and Medium.

Flop’s eyes slightly widened, and Medium’s eyes blinked in amazement. Though astonishment could be seen in both, the nature of each varied.

Seeing the difference between their reactions, Vincent understood.

Vincent: [Flop O’Connell, you already knew that reality was not in accordance with the rumors, did you not?]

Medium: [Huh… big bro?]

Flop: [To say that I knew, would be a tad incorrect. The rumors just didn’t sound much like Balleroy at all, really, even Medium thought that much.]

Medium: [Y-yeah…]

Invoking her attention, Medium nodded with a countenance of unfading perplexity.

But, Flop, who prompted his sister to nod, had not denied Vincent’s query.

Receiving Vincent’s gaze, Flop slightly tilted his head,

Flop: [Don’t tell me, did Your Excellency the Emperor-kun think that just because I’m close with Balleroy, I would have already heard about it from him beforehand, and so I just tricked you into confirming the truth?]

Vincent: [――. The possibility did exist, but it would be close to nonexistent. The man I knew would not have raised the margin of error even slightly, and he would not have disclosed his actions to anybody until the very moment in which he carried them out.]

Flop: […Right. I think it’s as you say, Your Excellency the Emperor-kun. I’m glad. It seems like with you, I can talk about the Balleroy that I knew well. After all…]

Vincent: [――――]

Flop: [Ever since that incident, whenever we heard Balleroy’s name somewhere in the Empire, Medium and I could only think of it as being someone we didn’t know.]

Knitting his well-shaped eyebrows, a sense of loneliness wavered in Flop’s blue eyes.

That must have been true. Vincent was not surprised by that.

In order for it to be so, Chisha had tailored the rumors to become so, Berstetz had directed them like so, and it was Vincent, who had given the orders for them to do so.

Everything, was in order to conceal the truth of the situation, to conceal the reason as to why Balleroy Temeglyph had become a rebel.

That was――,

Flop: [――That rebellion, it wasn’t Balleroy’s true motive.]

Medium: [Big bro!?]

At the words Flop had spun, Medium shrieked out loud.

Her round eyes were wide open, and as she vigorously shook her head side-to-side,

Medium: [That’s weird, you’re talking crazy. Ballebro was, because… Abel-chin! Say something! Tell big bro that he’s being crazy…]

Vincent: [If there is a need to correct him, I shall. If not, I shan’t. That is all.]

Medium: [You have, no reason to say anything…]

At a complete loss for words, Medium’s face looked as if it was saying she could not comprehend what was happening.

Meanwhile, Flop took a long, deep breath, coming to grips with the fact that Vincent had not denied the misgivings he had voiced―― About the true circumstances behind Balleroy’s death.

According to the rumors on the streets, Balleroy Temeglyph had been unsatisfied with his position of Divine General, so he launched a rebellion aiming to reach a higher standing, and died a dog’s death as a foolish failure.

That had served the role of proving the sturdiness of Vincent Vollachia’s throne, and weakened the flames in the hearts of many who would have plotted treachery.

Vincent: [As irony would have it, now it is my own strategy that has supported the rebellion, causing those weakened flames to intensify once again.]

Flop: [――. Yeah, it was only peaceful for a little while. But, that’s probably just how the outcome got used, his original objective wouldn’t have been that.]

Vincent: [――――]

Flop: [Balleroy had a different goal. Your Excellency the Emperor-kun just made use of the outcome, but the prerequisite should have been something different. Your Excellency the Emperor-kun, do you know that objective?]

There had been plenty of time for him to think about it. That was likely the reason Flop could speak without hesitation.

Upon Balleroy’s death, a rumor that differed from the truth had been circulated, and Flop always continued to think about just where the truth was. Ergo, he had not let this golden opportunity slip.

The Magical Sharpshooter, Balleroy Temeglyph.

His objective in taking part in that rebellion, that was――,

Vincent: [――To exact revenge upon the killer of Private First-Class Miles, who had lost his life on a special mission to the Kingdom of Lugunica.]

Flop: [――Hk.]

Vincent: [What is so surprising, Flop O’Connell? This ought to have been a fact of which you were aware. At every turn, you are attempting to test the Emperor. It is disrespectful.]

As Flop held his breath, Vincent spoke those words and snorted.

Similar to how he had previously asked if the rumor about Balleroy was true or not, this had likely been another trap that Flop had set for Vincent.

It was in order for Flop to ascertain if there was value in continuing this conversation.

However, in response to Vincent’s voice, Flop shook his head with a “No”.

On his expression of surprise, as a second type of surprise emerged,

Flop: [I have no intention of making shameless excuses. I certainly have tried to test you. But…]

Vincent: [What is it?]

Flop: […Your answer, it surprised me that you said the name of Big Bro Miles.]

Vincent: [――――]

As surprise flowed through Flop’s voice, Vincent narrowed his eyes.

Setting aside the first answer about testing Vincent, the second answer was of a matter not worthy of surprise. Vincent knew about Private First-Class Miles, who had a close relationship with Balleroy. ――No, it was not just Miles.

Vincent: [It is natural that I grasp the positions, names, and appearances of those who serve me. Whose orders do these soldiers and generals believe they are receiving, to whom do they think they are devoting the entirety of their souls?]

If not for that, the position of Emperor would be tantamount to always having blades pointed at one’s back.

He was ordering them to put their lives on the line, so he ought to know about those people. They might come to try and take his life, so he ought to ensure that he knew their faces.

And, the names of those who had lost their lives while following his orders, were something that he would never forget.

Vincent: [I am different to those of the Kingdom. My heart shall not break for the death of each soldier and general. I merely ought to remember. Therefore, regarding both Private First-Class Miles and Balleroy Temeglyph, I shall――]

Medium: [Abel-chin, won’t forget…?]

Vincent: [――That is all. I shan’t offer consolation.]

Vincent replied so to Medium’s feeble, tottering words.

On top of that, Vincent added one more comment to Flop and Medium.

Vincent: [Supposing you two desire to restore Balleroy’s honor, that is impossible.]

Medium: [――! W-why?]

Vincent: [If it were to be known that the rumors differed from the truth, people would begin to sow distrust in every rumor. The rise of that would lead to needless cracks in the foundation of the Empire. Such a thing would not have…]

Flop: [Been wished for by Balleroy. Right?]

Flop confirmed that with Vincent, who wondered just how much Flop understood.

Since it would be futile to keep it concealed, Vincent nodded. Then, an intense turmoil spread further and further across Medium’s face.

To that sister of his, Flop spoke gently, like a big brother, but also with a level of strictness,

Flop: [Dear sister, you said it yourself, didn’t you? That you’d help me out, no matter what I do. That’s our family oath. I can also puff my chest out and say that.]

Medium: [T-that’s right? But, what do you mean? That’s…]

Flop: [If Balleroy had truly intended on starting a rebellion and killing His Excellency the Emperor-kun, he would’ve come to us and asked for help. Even if it would’ve only raised the chances by a small amount, if he was truly serious about it, that’s what he would’ve done.]

Medium: [――Ah.]

At Flop’s words, Medium’s eyes opened wide.

The “family oath” that had also been spoken of earlier―― Vincent did not know how much of a binding force that was, but if it carried a meaning so strong that one would not refuse the invitation to rebel against the Emperor, Flop’s theory would be valid.

Flop: [Balleroy had no real intention of succeeding in that rebellion. At the same time, he had the objective of wanting to get revenge for Big Bro Miles. The inconsistency there is that Balleroy wouldn’t have thought that Big Bro Miles’s killer was His Excellency the Emperor-kun.]

Vincent: [――――]

Flop: [Finally, may I ask just one more thing?]

Though he should have already shamelessly spent all of his time, there were no words to describe Flop’s courage as he still held up a single finger.

Vincent responded with nothing, but as if Flop had taken that as the situation being in his favor,

Flop: [Did Balleroy fulfill his dearest wish? Did he get revenge for Big Bro Miles?]

Vincent: [――. No.]

Flop: [I… see.]

With just that brief response, Vincent would not hand over any more information.

Even if Flop requested such, he had no intention of handing it over. Even if Flop aspired to get revenge for the two siblings, for Balleroy and Miles, it would be impossible for him to accomplish that.

And above all else, that was because――,

Vincent: [Balleroy Temeglyph would not have desired it.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Flop: [Sorry for taking so long, Your Excellency the Emperor-kun.]

His dialogue with Vincent concerning Balleroy Temeglyph having concluded, Flop bowed his head.

His head had been bowed. In truth, the dialogue had taken a long time.

Vincent: [Are you unable to imagine just how valuable my time is during this crisis?]

Flop: [I have confidence in my appraisal of things. That’s why I could tell that the message entrusted to me was of the highest value right now, and used it to get the answers that my sister and I wanted.]

Vincent: [Your disrespect knows no bounds. Additionally, do not speak falsehoods to me.]

Flop: [Hm?]

Vincent: [Those were not the answers that you and Medium had wanted, those were the answers that you had wanted. This was nothing more than her simply going along with your request. That was the “family oath” you spoke of, was it not?]

Jerking his chin, Vincent corrected the mistake in Flop’s speech. Hearing that, Medium widened her eyes, and after a moment of surprise, Flop nodded with a “Right”.

Flop: [I was the one who wanted to know the answer. If you’re planning on an execution, my head is the only one I want you to lop off.]

Vincent: [Fool. You think I shall engage with your careless remarks any longer? Medium, do not look at me with those eyes.]

Conveying that he did not have the time to go along with frivolous chatter, Vincent snorted at the gaze of Medium, which was seeming to plead for her brother’s life, and then,

Vincent: [So, have you been satisfied?]

Flop: [Yeah, that’s right. I fully understand that amidst Your Excellency the Emperor-kun’s precious time, you’ve earnestly engaged with me. And you did so without even getting caught in my repeated tricks.]

Vincent was silent as Flop unashamedly declared that he had tested the Emperor.

Supposing Vincent’s answers had not fulfilled Flop’s desires, what would he have done?

Inferring that question from the silence, Flop smiled.

Flop: [If that happened, I would’ve brought the message to Husband-kun instead of Your Excellency the Emperor-kun, saved the Empire, and then have him become Emperor.]

Vincent: [You…]

Flop: [Nah, it’s really, really good that we settled things without that happening…! You weren’t one of the makers of the world that I must get revenge on.]

Vincent: [Revenge, on the world?]

At the words mixed into Flop’s sigh of relief, Vincent raised an eyebrow.

Then, beside the conversation between her brother and the Emperor, Medium sniffled as she responded “Um, well”,

Medium: [Big bro is always saying it. The reason that something unpleasant happens isn’t because of a single bad person, but because of the world that made that person bad~.]

Flop: [That’s quite the loose paraphrasing, but yes, exactly! Well, since this is an unpleasant world where those kinds of unpleasant things happen unreasonably, I’m striving to steadily improve it, even if through small things. That’s my revenge against the world.]

Vincent: [――. What nonsense.]

The world on which revenge must be taken, and the makers of that world.

While thinking that the way it had been put was similar to Cecilus Segmunt, Vincent muttered. Hearing that mutter, Flop gave a wry smile, and Medium got angry with flaming eyes, saying “What’s with you~?”.

At the reactions of the siblings, Vincent thought of it as increasingly foolish.

There was no doubt that Vincent was one of the people who had shaped the world which Flop felt to be absurd. Even if someone thought about making change for certain reasons, as long as they did not enact it, they would remain as a target of that revenge.

So, why had Vincent been excluded from that? He could not understand.

Considering that the origin had been him abandoning the “same as ever was” method, and then using somebody else’s thinking as a reference while aiming for the “beyond what ever was” method, it was something that he did not even want to think about.

More importantly――,

Vincent: [You had said earlier. If I did not meet your expectations, you would deliver the contents of the message to another person, and thereby eliminate the peril to the Empire.]

Flop: [Yeah? That’s right. I had intended to entrust it to Husband-kun.]

Vincent: [It matters not who you were to entrust it with. Rather, if entrusting it implies that the Great Disaster will thus be eliminated, it must be a very important measure.]

A measure left behind by Chisha, who deceived Vincent, and had schemed all sorts of things.

Just what sort of thing was it?

Vincent: [Every single word and phrase, deliver it without leaving out anything. Assume that even a single omitted phrase can alter the future of the Empire.]

Flop: [That was my intention from the start, but man, that’s really scary! In total, I’ve been put in charge of three messages… Ahem ahem . Cheer me on so I can do it well, dear sister.]

Medium: [Yep! Leave it to me, big bro! Do your best~!]

Receiving Vincent’s threat, Flop hyped himself up as Medium raised her voice.

As Vincent watched their charade, Flop cleared his throat a little once more,

Flop: [First is number one. ――About Cecilus Segmunt, I have replicated a technique of Olbart Dunkelkenn’s to shrink him, then he was sent to the Gladiator Island. Likely, he has already crawled out using his own strength, but supposing he is late in his escape, assume that he is there. ]

Vincent: [――――]

Flop: [Well, because when he was talking to me, he looked just like you, Your Excellency the Emperor-kun. His tone and manner of speech were like yours as well. But, that was exactly how he put it.]

As Vincent narrowed his sable eyes, Flop added that on in a panic.

But, there was no need for him to explain. In reality, ever since Chisha had ousted Vincent from the throne, it was an undeniable truth that he had begun playing the role of Emperor.

Since Chisha had been cautious, he probably would have never returned to his original form, and there was no doubt that he had approached his final moments while imitating even Vincent’s tone of voice.

When he had witnessed the shrunken Cecilus in the Imperial Capital, he had roughly fathomed a guess that it was something done by Chisha. The objective of that was also clear, since with Vincent ousted from the throne, Cecilus’s presence would still be an impediment.

Vincent: [Even Chisha could have never deceived him. If Cecilus had been living his days normally in the Imperial Capital, it would have been impossible for me to have been removed from the throne, no matter what Chisha had prepared.]

To put it plainly, it was the right decision to shrink and banish a hindrance to his plan. If it was Chisha, Cecilus would have had enough negligence to get shrunk.

Vincent: [No objections. Continue.]

Flop: [Then, number two. ――The Sanctum has been detained in the Fortified City. Depending on its presence, you may discover the way of being of the Great Disaster, which invites ruin to the Empire .]

Vincent: [――――]

Flop: [To be honest, this seems quite important, but I don’t really get what it means. But it doesn’t seem like you need me to repeat it, so…]

Then, Flop let out his words with an attitude that lacked confidence, and held his breath.

The reason for that was because, upon hearing that message, a change was yielded on Vincent’s expression.

Vincent tightly clenched down on his teeth, then placed his hand to his mouth and kept silent. He would not close both eyes at the same time. Thus, he forcefully shut only his right eye.

The reason he had aimed for the Fortified City of Garkla, was because he had thought that if it were Chisha, he would have left some sort of countermeasure there. ――But, that was incorrect.

What Chisha Gold had left behind in the Fortified City was not a countermeasure. It was an “answer”.

Vincent: [We need to enter the Fortified City as soon as possible.]

Medium: [Wait wait, Abel-chin! There were three messages, right? There’s still one left!]

Vincent headed for the door, as his time was too valuable to remain at a standstill, but Medium stopped him. Halting his step at her words, Vincent took a deep breath.

The first was concerning Cecilus, the second was an “answer”, so then what had been left as the third?

Vincent: [Let me hear it. If there is a card that still remains unturned――]

He would make full use of it, and protect the Vollachian Empire from the Great Disaster.

As Vincent requested that, Flop looked back into his sable eyes, and, clearing his throat again to try and deliver the message exactly as it had been entrusted to him――,

Flop: [ ――Your Excellency. ]

Vincent: [――――]

Flop: [ My assistance in getting the wheel out of the ditch, concludes hereee. ]

――.

――――.

――――――――.

Vincent: [――What an enormous fool.]

Declaring that and nothing more, Vincent headed for the door of the cabin.

Flop, having ceased his imitation, raised his own voice in a “Please wait!” towards Vincent’s back.

Flop: [Even if you hurry and rush out of the cabin, the speed at which we reach Garkla won’t change! It would only be different if Your Excellency the Emperor-kun could run faster than a earth dragon!]

Vincent: [I have no choice but to make haste for the Fortified City. If necessary, I shall fly there using the dragon ship or by other means.]

Flop: [The sky isn’t safe either! There might be dead flying dragons soaring around! Besides, there’s still one part of this conversation remaining… Medium!]

Medium: [Y-yeah! Got it, big bro!]

He felt impatient to head to the Fortified City.

Flop had pointed out the danger of the dragon ship from a reasonable angle, and as he ordered Medium, his younger sister once again blocked Vincent’s path.

Vincent: [Even if it is to hasten the dragon carriage, or to share the information with Berstetz and the rest, there is no better option than for me to hurry. Get in the way, and you shall be executed.]

Medium: [Big bro, Abel’s eyes are serious!?]

Flop: [But, if it’s about the degree to which we seriously live our lives, then there’s no way we’d lose! Your Excellency the Emperor-kun! I said this at the start. After you hear the message, I’d like to ask a favor.]

Vincent: [――――]

While harboring impatient emotions, Vincent turned around to face Flop, who was sandwiching him together with Medium.

If he recalled correctly, Flop had impudently thrust the two conditions of the old story and a favor before him.

He had no memory of accepting, but in order to hear the message, he had not outright rejected them either.

Vincent: [Say it.]

He had already informed him that restoring Balleroy’s honor was an impossible goal.

Something that Flop and Medium would have desired beyond that, Vincent could not think of a single candidate that would be impossible to achieve.

If it was too far-fetched and unacceptable, then he would not be able to do anything, but――.

Flop: [Your Excellency the Emperor-kun, after the current crisis passes, you’ll return to the seat of Vollachian Emperor, and the Empire will go back to normal… No, you’ll do your best to make it even better, right?]

Vincent: [I have reservations about the way you phrased it, but generally that is so.]

Vincent once had a plan of his own, but now that it has lost its footing due to Chisha’s scheming, he felt that he needed to discuss whether it was feasible.

For that reason, Vincent nodded, as there was no room for denial.

Flop gave a “Mhm” to his response, and smiling as if to say that it had benefited his intentions, he nodded,

Flop: [Then, I wonder. After everything is over, I think Your Excellency the Emperor-kun is going to welcome many wives… but, would you let Medium be one of them?]

Medium: [Eh?]

Vincent: [What, so it was something like that? I do not mind.]

Medium: [Eh?]

Originally, the reason why Vincent had not welcomed any wives until now was in order to reduce the annoyances that would serve no purpose to his aforementioned plan.

Now that his plan had broken down, he had no reason to overly adhere to it.

Regarding the Imperial Selection Ceremony, too, he felt the need to get his hands in the game.

Henceforth, Vincent was merely facing the obligation he had to fulfill as a Vollachian Emperor.

As Vincent gave that response, Flop patted his chest in relief.

And then――,

Medium: [Eh?]

With that, only the person who was placed as the subject, Medium, continued to tilt her head in confusion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Note from the author:

The topic of “Balleroy Temeglyph” comes up quite often, but the book “Re: Starting Life in Another World From Zero Ex4 – Travelogue of the Finest” deals with his character in a major way.

And similarly, the topic of “Miles”, which comes up rather sparsely, is a character who makes an appearance in the book “Re: Starting Life in Another World From Zero Ex1 – The Dream that the Lion King Saw”.

Since nothing more than the contents that emerge in the main story will be written about in the main story, readers who wish to know more details, by all means, check those books out!

--- Chapter 26: The Poison Princess ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――At the same time as when the open palm of Petra Leyte caused Natsuki Subaru’s cheek to swell, and when Flop O’Connell’s bombshell statement caused Medium O’Connell to be confused.

???: [――As expected, seems like y’all couldn’t wait for us ta arrive.]

Gazing up as he gnawed on his kiseru , the strongest shinobi of the City-States languidly muttered.

Slouching his already sloped shoulders, having sat down cross-legged, the wolfman―― Halibel, amidst the flowing nightscape, maintained vigilance of the quiet evening hours on the roof of the dragon carriage.

Just before, the coupled dragon carriages had been targeted.

Thanks to the children who had noticed the surprise attack before Halibel, they had been able to avoid that danger, but accidents like those did not happen very often. To ensure that they did not happen, was Halibel’s duty.

Halibel: [After that, lil’ Ana’s gaze was real darn unsparin’. I hafta make up for it.]

The young girl who he had known since long ago due to ties with his kin, had paid an extraordinary price in order to go to the Empire on this occasion.

Accompanied by Halibel, she had taken on the role of an envoy for the City-States. ――Contrary to the expectation that this would be an untapped business opportunity that had ignited her merchant soul, her objective had actually been to search for a friend who had disappeared.

She was a girl who did not want to show weakness. Of course, that was not something she would ever admit.

Halibel: [‘Cause of that, she told the middle-aged geezer who she knew from long ago ta not lend her a hand.]

As he said that, Halibel slowly stood up.

Consisting of multiple dragon carriages coupled together, the coupled dragon carriages were being pulled without rest by a great number of ground dragons―― An outstanding piece of engineering truly characteristic of the greedy Empire, fully displaying the haphazardness of the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion.

Even so, Halibel could not get used to that unnatural sensation.

Even though the wheels were stumbling along an uneven path as the scenery flowed, neither wind nor shaking could be felt. Kararagi had a low overall number of ground dragons, and beast carriages were commonly used, so he was well acquainted with shaking and sluggishness.

And, speaking of unnatural sensations that he was not used to――,

Halibel: [Dang, even tho’ the movin’ corpses were already quite considerable… seems like flyin’ dragons’re also becomin’ zombies .]

Reaching his finger into a gap in his Japanese-style clothing, Halibel sloppily scratched his belly as he grumbled.

Reflected in his slit-eyes as he gazed into the night sky, with cracks throughout their grand large bodies and spread wings, were flying dragons that had been reduced to corpses―― a flock of “undead flying dragons”.

A dense flock that concealed the stars like dark clouds, were slowly approaching the coupled dragon carriages.

Halibel: [――There’s a troublesome one in there.]

As Halibel gave such an evaluation to a presence mixed in among the flock of undead flying dragons.

As if noticing the presence of that repulsive enemy, unrest began to sprout among the ground dragons pulling the dragon carriages.

Even though the ground dragons were known as loyal friends of people, it was not as if they had lost their wildness upon being domesticated. Feeling a sense of danger at the looming threat, even they would have a frightened heart.

The coupled dragon carriages were a big deal as an invention, but such danger was always present. Ground dragons were already highly empathetic creatures. If one of them got frightened, that fear would spread like a chain reaction――,

???: [――DODOGYUUUN!!]

Right after Halibel had worried about that, a neigh that seemingly tore through the dusk reverberated.

A lethal cry of the approaching threat, that paralyzed the ground dragons with fear―― was not what it was.

The neigh had originated from near the foremost wagon, where several dozens of ground dragons were lined up to pull the coupled dragon carriages; the thing that had played the most important role, was the loud cry of a single jet-black ground dragon.

Halibel: [Heh, seems like there’s a young’un who’s got a considerably manly spirit.]

With the quick wittedness of the black ground dragon’s neigh, the contagion of fear was intercepted from spreading throughout the ground dragons.

Thanks to that, they had avoided the worst possible situation of the fearful ground dragons abandoning their duty, which would have caused the mid-air breakage of the coupled dragon carriages. And, just when Halibel was impressed, he had suddenly realized.

Halibel: [Golly, the black ground dragon young’un was actually a female. Rather than manly, guess she’s got a maidenly spirit.]

Unusually widening his narrowed slit-eyes as he muttered, Halibel laughed a small “Kaka”.

Smiling, the shinobi wolfman walked lightheartedly outside the dragon carriages that continued to run―― Stepping forth into empty space, he leaped into the sky.

He would engage. The formidable enemy that even the Admirer deemed to be troublesome, in order to prevent it from drawing any closer.

That formidable enemy was――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Whoa whoa whoa, what the heck is that!?]

Clinging to the window frame of the corridor, Subaru’s voice croaked as he gazed at the scene outside.

Having finished his discussion with Rem and Louis―― no, with Spica, in the passenger cabin, he had joined Emilia and the others who had been worriedly waiting for him; in the midst of giving them a report, he had been slapped by Petra.

Petra: [This is for me, and a little bit for Otto-san too!]

Then, after receiving that physical reprimand, he grappled with the concern he had caused the girls and the worry he would continue to burden them with in the future, and that was the moment he braced himself.

A sudden roar, as if to shatter the night sky itself, was heard, prompting Subaru and the others to rush to the window.

Subaru: [That thing’s, a black flying dragon… No, it’s way too massive to even be compared to a flying dragon!]

Beatrice: [That size, it’s not a flying dragon, in fact. Unmistakable, it’s Dragon-class, I suppose. And furthermore…]

Emilia: [――That Dragon, it has three heads!]

Above Subaru and Beatrice, who were clung to the window side-by-side, Emilia also pressed herself against the window and exclaimed just that; not only Subaru, but also the people of this other world had recognized it as an atypical being of imposing appearance.

Amidst the nightscape, soaring through the sky as if to race alongside the coupled dragon carriages, a fearsome colossal black Dragon swung its massive body and three heads around.

Cracks running through its majestic figure and expansive wings, the three pairs of golden eyes asserted its presence even in the night sky, vividly revealing its true nature.

Subaru: [ Dragon Zombie …!!]

Ram: [A black Dragon with three heads… No way, the Three-Headed Valgren?]

Subaru: [Do you know it, Nee-sama!?]

With their cheeks still pressed against the window glass, the trio of Subaru, Beatrice, and Emilia turned their gazes to Ram behind them. Ram, cradling her own elbow, and as she stared out at the Dragon with her light-crimson eyes,

Ram: [It’s the infamous Blight Dragon that once wreaked havoc in a city by the border between the Empire and the Kingdom.]

Subaru: [I thought as much! It’s a given that a unique monster with such a nickname would be formidable…]

Ram: [A few years after the Demi-Human War, that Dragon almost scorched the Commercial City to the ground. Furthermore…]

Subaru: [Furthermore, what? Is there something else?]

Ram: [――. The head of the family from two generations prior, Roswaal-sama’s grandmother, lost her life in that battle.]

After a moment’s hesitation, the words Ram delivered made Subaru and the others catch their breaths.

The threat of an enemy became far more visceral when one learned that a relative of somebody close to them had been a victim. All the more when it was Roswaal’s grandmother. There was no way she could have been weak.

That stupendous Blight Dragon had been forestalled and was presently being held at bay by Halibel, but――,

Tanza: [Um, who exactly are those wolfpeople over there?]

Pulling closer, with Subaru in the middle, Tanza peered out of the same window, unable to hide her astonishment at the confrontation unfolding outside.

Surprised as she was, her phrasing was not incorrect, no matter how much it may have seemed so.

Regarding the appearance of the fighting Halibel, her phrasing of “those wolfpeople” was indeed accurate.

The reason was――,

Subaru: [Looks like there’s about three of Halibel-san…]

Emilia: [No, there are four of him, Subaru. It seems one has been on the Dragon’s back the whole time, trying to whittle down its wings.]

Beatrice: [In this case, Betty doesn’t think the exact number is the issue, in fact…]

Touted as the strongest shinobi of the City-States, Halibel had erased Sphinx’s deadly attack in an instant. Those actions alone already lived up to his reputation, but the battle now within the view of Subaru and company was equally, if not more, befitting of that reputation.

It was no big deal for him. Halibel, like a ninja, had split himself into clones and was engaged in aerial combat with the Blight Dragon.

Given this high-speed combat, it was understandable that Tanza, unacquainted with Halibel, might have been fooled by the illusion into thinking that the true form of the strongest entity of the City-States was actually a shinobi group composed of multiple people, called the Admirers.

In any case――,

Spica: [Uau!]

Rem: [I believe the Blight Dragon isn’t our only enemy. Wouldn’t it be best for us to regroup with everyone else?]

Spica raised her voice in alarm, while Rem, who held her hand, suggested regrouping.

Ideally, Subaru would have wanted to share the details regarding the handling of Spica with everyone in a situation calmer than this. However, given how the situation was moving, they did not have that luxury.

Subaru: [Yeah, you’re right… We should head to where everyone is! Abel and the others should also be on the move. Right now we―― Urgh!?]

Emilia: [Subaru!?]

Following the proposal of Rem and Spica, Subaru was just about to suggest moving to another location.

Midway through, suddenly, a burning pain on Subaru’s chest interrupted his words, and Emilia supported his body as he tried to crouch down.

But, it was not just Subaru who had experienced this strange phenomenon.

Tanza: […Are you alright?]

Beatrice: [To be supported by you is humiliating, I suppose, deergirl…]

Ram: [Even Beatrice-sama… Barusu, what happened?]

Just like Subaru, the sudden pain had staggered Beatrice, and she expressed her displeasure as Tanza promptly supported her.

Ram asked a question upon witnessing that exchange, to which Subaru replied, “I-I don’t know”.

Subaru: [I just felt pain on my chest all of a sudden… HUUUH!?]

As he spoke, Subaru pulled down the neckline of his clothes, widening his eyes in shock.

Seeing the same thing Subaru had, both Emilia and Ram furrowed their brows in confusion.

Present there was a scar that seemed like a swollen red welt―― And, it was not just an ordinary scar.

Beatrice: [What is this…? It’s shaped like, somebody’s eye?]

Subaru: [Ah, so you see it too? It’s a mark shaped like an eyeball… Wait, don’t tell me, Beako! Do you…]

Beatrice: […Betty has the same mark on her soft skin, in fact.]

What had appeared on Subaru’s chest was a mark roughly the size of a child’s palm―― a deformed design that appeared to depict an eye.

It seemed like the same emblem had been carved into Beatrice, and Tanza confirmed by nodding deeply as she peered into the neckline of Beatrice’s dress.

Subaru: [But, it’s just me and Beako? Why is everyone else unaffected?]

Ram: [Disgusting.]

Subaru: [I’m genuinely worried!? Do you really think I’d say something obscene given the situation and my current size !?]

Ascertaining that the others did not have that same mark, which was still pulsating with pain, Subaru rubbed the mark on his chest and scowled.

An abnormal sign had emerged in this situation. Of course, it was clear that this was an action taken by someone opposing Subaru and company, but the intentions behind the targets were unclear.

Perhaps, due to the contract binding Subaru and Beatrice, something cast upon one of their bodies could possibly manifest on the other as well.

Subaru: [No good, the limits are unclear no matter how much I think about it. The best thing would be to talk to someone knowledgeable about this. For now, we need to get out of here…]

Spica: [Aau!!]

Rem: [――Hk! Don’t!]

Once more, just as he tried to suggest they leave, he was interrupted yet again.

In a flurried state, Spica and Rem forcefully pushed Subaru and the rest aside from where they were lined up. It was a sudden move, however it turned out to be the right one.

――Because from directly above them, the roof was penetrated, and the silhouette of an enemy wielding great shears dove in, violently tearing through the spot where Subaru and company had stood just moments before.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Margrave!]

???: [Master!]

In unison, two voices called out to him in concern, eliciting a wry smile from Roswaal.

These two might not have easily heeded his advice, and they certainly had not given their trust to Roswaal, but their genuine worry was evident. Their inherent kindness not only spoke for itself but also served as a testament that they, too, were part of the Emilia Camp.

――This was a distinction that set them apart from Roswaal, who could never truly connect with them at the core.

Roswaal: […Hk, they’ve marked me.]

Swallowing his fleeting smile, Roswaal pulled open his shirt to reveal his chest.

There, a red swollen mark stood out, depicting the pattern of an eye. Petra, her face covered, had her eyes widened in shock upon seeing it.

Otto’s expression clouded over upon seeing the mark, murmuring, “That is…”

Otto: [Margrave, did you say “mark”? I hope it is not what I’m thinking…]

Roswaal: [It’s exactly what you’re thiiinking~. ――This is most likely a sign that we’ve been recognized as enemies, or perhaps designated as targets. Either way, it’s not a welcooome~ sign.]

Petra: [Enemies, or targets?]

Otto’s glance fleetingly shifted to Petra beside him. She quickly grasped the implication behind his look, fervently shaking her head in response.

From their reactions, neither Otto nor Petra had this emblem manifesting on them.

While that in itself was a relief――,

Petra: [What kind of effect does this emblem have?]

Otto: [――. Effects that I can think of could be a slow sapping of one’s life, the ability to read the target’s thoughts, or simply a means to continuously locate the marked individual.]

Petra: [You deliberately listed the worst effects first, didn’t you? So, the most likely possibility is that this mark serves to pinpoint our location?]

Roswaal: [Indeed, both of you are truuuly~ astute.]

Roswaal closed his eyes, seeing Otto and Petra’s broad, calm judgement on the range of possibilities.

There was no error in that judgement. The most dangerous kinds of curse marks, those that drained life, were not something that could be remotely inscribed; henceforth, they did not even merit consideration.

However, being constantly located due to the mark would be problematic in itself.

Roswaal: [We might need to consider splitting up to ensure our movements aren’t entirely transparent. With the assistance of Halibel-dono outside, you two should distance yourselves from me…]

Otto: [――No, it seems it is already too late.]

Right after responding in a low voice, Otto pulled Petra’s shoulder beside him.

Petra, her eyes widening in shock, watched as an immense figure suddenly crashed through the window right beside her, entering the corridor of the coupled dragon carriages.

The intruder, covered head-to-toe in black armor and wielding great shears, emanated a malevolent aura―― an undead, it was.

Petra: [――Hk.]

Suppressing a scream, Petra pointed at the enemy from within Otto’s arms.

While praising the bravery of the girl who had tried to take the initiative in the sudden situation, Roswaal stepped forward and thrusted his palm forward before the enemy could swing the great shears upward.

He swiftly drove his hand into the gap between the helmet that covered the face as if it was a sword, inserting his fingers into the opponent’s eye sockets as he chanted.

Roswaal: [Goa.]

In an instant, flames engulfed and exploded from the creature’s head, causing the armor to rupture from within.

Despite their flashy entrance, the intruder had not landed a single blow. Believing he had chosen the best course of action, Roswaal turned around, only to realize he had been overly optimistic.

One-by-one, soldiers in similar gear began pouring into the carriage from the roof and corridor.

In no time, the entire coupled dragon carriage had transformed into a mobile battlefield.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Abel-chin, over here! Hurry! Big bro you run too!]

???: [To tell you the truth, this is me running with my full strength, dear sister!]

Raising her voice with all her might, Medium protected the rear by repelling the enemy’s attacks with her twin swords.

The barbarian swords and the great shears clashed violently, and as they slipped through the openings she created, the two men she was protecting―― Vincent and Flop, kept away from the enemy’s onslaught.

At first glance, that was a pitiful aspect, but there were reasons other than the fact that these two were respectively an injured man and a non-combatant.

Flop: [Your Excellency the Emperor-kun! Are you alright? Please don’t tell me you’ve been poisoned! I’d be troubled if you were unable to keep your promise!]

Vincent: […Hmph. If you are worried, then hide your ambition a little. It is disrespectful.]

Flop: [It may come as a surprise to you since you surround yourself with ambitious people, but there are people in the world who approach you for reasons other than ambition, Your Excellency the Emperor-kun!]

With Flop having spouted such a thoughtless remark while supporting Vincent’s shoulder, the latter snorted.

Vincent’s expression stiffened as he experienced a faint pain akin to his chest being pierced. It seemed as if the sudden pain along with the red scar was a thorn that ate into Vincent’s flesh.

Directly after that came the invasion of enemies which Medium was now keeping in check, Vincent was convinced that he was being assailed by the same thing that had once attacked him in the past, and in a way that was more troublesome than that time.

That was――,

Flop: [That painful chest wound is…]

Vincent: [Though an annoyance, it is likely the Evil Eye of one of my siblings, Palladio Manesque. During the Imperial Selection Ceremony, that man died in defeat, it seems he was unable to rest in peace.]

Flop: [Evil Eye…! So that effect is…?]

Vincent: [Back then, it was something that allowed him to transmit his voice to somebody whose location he knew, but its precision seems to have improved after his death.]

While answering Flop’s question, Vincent recalled the sibling who he had once allowed to die.

Among his siblings competing for the seat of Emperor, Palladio had been in a particularly formidable class, but the cause of his defeat had ended up being that he had grown complacent about the power of his Evil Eye, and thus been unable to make full use of that ability.

It had never occurred to him that Palladio would rectify that after his death, but――.

Vincent: […No, even if he died, his way of being was not something that could be so easily changed. There is someone who has ordered Palladio to do this to me.]

Flop: [But, if he was your sibling, that Palladio person must also be a member of the Imperial Family, right? No matter how undead he’s become, for such a person to just do what he is told…]

Vincent: [――You have more-or-less guessed it. If Palladio were to obey, it would only be to either the former Emperor, Drizen Vollachia, or someone to whom he had yielded to as being above himself.]

One person who fit that criterion was Vincent himself, but considering that Palladio was on the side of the undead, he was excluded from the candidates to begin with.

As for someone who was definitely undead, Drizen, the former Emperor and his biological father, emerged as a candidate, and as an important matter worthy of no consideration, the face of his missing younger sister also came up.

But, taking the equipment of the enemy Medium was facing into account, there was only one possible option for the real enemy――.

Vincent: [――Lamia, is it?]

A being who satisfied the conditions for Palladio to obey, and was accompanied by brutal soldiers who carried great shears―― the Pruning Corps, nobody but Lamia Godwin fit.

Vincent presumed that the enemy was one of the three siblings whom he had evaluated highly while competing for the throne in the Imperial Selection Ceremony, and he clutched his aching chest with force.

And, there――,

???: [You’re fuckin’ annoying, damn dead people!!]

A rough, bellowing voice could be heard, and a drawn blade rampaged ahead of the path of Vincent and the two siblings.

At a glance, coming from the opposite direction of Vincent and company, the soldier―― a man with unruly hair and an eyepatch, was dicing up the undead that had broken through the window and entered the carriage, reducing them to dust.

Then, breathing heavily, the soldier noticed Vincent and company, and,

???: [Oi! You lot, gimme a hand! My sister’s exhausted inside that place…]

Vincent: [Nay, it is you who ought to lend a hand.]

???: [Huh? The fuck’re you saying… Y-Y-Yo-You-Your Excellency the Emperor!?]

The man who had approached them with such a rough manner of speech, shouted upon realizing Vincent’s identity.

Thinking that was the natural response, Vincent found satisfaction in the reactions of those who were insolent and disrespectful, and, as he gestured to behind himself with his chin,

Vincent: [Cooperate with the ones behind me and stop the enemy forces. With this, your sister shall be extracted.]

???: [Y-yes sir! Private First-Class Jamal Aurélie reporting, yes sir!]

Vincent: [Exert your utmost efforts, Jamal Aurélie. The survival of the Empire hinges upon your performance.]

Jamal: [――Hk!]

At Vincent’s words, the one-eyed Jamal trembled all over. Immediately after, he let out a fierce, beast-like roar and ferociously leapt over Vincent and Flop’s heads, rushing to aid Medium, who was fighting strenuously behind them, and he began to hold back the undead.

Flop: [You with the eyepatch! The one fighting alongside you, Medium, is a candidate for the Most Honorable Empress Consort, so please treat her courteously!]

Medium: [I still haven’t said yes to that~!]

In response to Flop’s voice, Medium’s reply lacked tension.

Behind her, Flop burst into the room where Jamal’s sister was, and he brought out a woman in a wheelchair, whose eyes were darting about.

The woman clung to the wheelchair, and as her eyes pitifully brimmed with tears,

Katya: [W-what? What is it? Why, why can’t you just leave me alone…!]

Vincent: [――. That is likely something everyone in the Empire is currently thinking.]

While he sincerely agreed with the voice of the woman who lamented the situation, Vincent shook his head.

No matter how dire the situation became, they could not afford for the wheels of the coupled dragon carriages to come to a halt right here and now.

If it were to stop, how much time would it take for the dragon carriage to start moving again?

If that were to happen――,

Vincent: [――There is not a moment to waste. We must arrive at the Fortified City.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [If you stop the dragon carriage right now, we’ll be surrounded by even more enemy forces. The mechanism behind the coupled dragon carriages relies on the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion. So if we start going without the Divine Protection, we’ll probably roll over.]

???: [I knew that’d be too convenient, but that’s a pretty big drawback, ain’t it?]

Once the suggestion that the coupled dragon carriages be stopped came up, Serena exposed their shortcomings, given the present situation that the carriages were under attack, and that enemies and allies were scattered and mixed amidst the moving carriages.

Having been informed of this, it was clear for Anastasia that it would be impractical for them to stop.

Anastasia: [Even if that ain’t the case, the ground dragons’ve been runnin’ for almost half a day… ‘n once they stop, they won’t be able to start runnin’ again tonight.]

Serena: [There’s also a difference in manpower between us and our opponents. This is undoubtedly made up for by the mobility of the dragon carriages. If that difference were to disappear, our fate would be the same as that of the aging Prime Minister, Berstetz.]

???: [This ain’t the time to be talkin’ like that! Gramps, quit lettin’ everyone tell ya what to do!]

Berstetz: [This is the nature of High Countess Dracroy’s character, not to mention the fact that it is only natural that I be executed after the Great Disaster has been resolved…]

???: [Don’t be so fuckin’ determined to just give up!]

Serena made a light remark that was hard to judge as such, and Berstetz responded with words that had no air of frivolity, to which Garfiel raised his voice.

This new attack occurred at a point in time when Anastasia and Garfiel were in the same room. Normally Garfiel would have wanted to join up with Emilia and the others, but――,

Anastasia: [I’m sorry that ya were forced to be with us, Garf-kun, but thanks to ya, both me ‘n Serena-san ‘n the others were saved, right?]

Garfiel: [Tsk… I ain’t worried ‘bout the Captain, as long as Ram ‘n Emilia-sama are with him. But, I’m worried ’bout Ottobro…]

Anastasia: [Reason doesn’t disappear when we get emotional. Otto-kun’s a merchant, so don’t worry, he can take care of himself. Whoops…]

Garfiel, his arms not looking particularly strong, snarled in frustration as he intercepted the jaeger with the great shears who was boarding the carriage.

With a blistering onslaught of punches, blows, and crushing strikes, he quickly hunted down the jaeger in the blink of an eye.

Then, Berstetz, who as a non-combatant belonged to the same group as Anastasia, narrowed his eyes even more at the sight of the undead, beaten and crushed to dust,

Berstetz: [The Pruning Corps… It seems that Her Excellency Lamia is here, after all.]

Serena: [Her Excellency Lamia Godwin? That’s someone I would’ve liked to have met once.]

Anastasia: [Really? What kinda person are they?]

Serena: [The Prime Minister knows more about her than I do. After all, it was the Prime Minister who wanted her to become the Empress.]

Serena shrugged as she held up her own sword, the blade of which waved through the air, and Anastasia turned her gaze to Berstetz.

The old man, who did not deny Serena’s story, nodded, his eyes so narrowed, to the point of being like threads, that one could not readily see as to where he was looking,

Berstetz: [She was a woman worthy of being the Empress of the Vollachian Empire. If not for Vincent Abellux and Prisca Benedict being in the same generation, she would have been Empress.]

Serena: [Could it be that she has risen as an undead to come and fulfill that ambition? Perhaps, Prime Minister, you might be forgiven if you were to pledge your allegiance once again?]

Berstetz: [――. Unfortunately, Her Excellency Lamia and I are losers. It is not in keeping with the imperial way.]

Serena closed one eye and sighed as Berstetz slowly shook his head.

It seems Berstetz’s serious answer was not to Serena’s liking. Anastasia, too, could detect the mixed feelings between the former master and servant, but not much more.

???: [――Ana.]

Suddenly, as she was contemplating, Anastasia heard a call in her ear, and raised her head.

The call came from around Anastasia’s neck, from Echidna, disguised as a fox scarf. Glancing over, Echidna’s dark eyes turned toward the entrance of the guest room.

???: [――Anastasia-sama, I am back.]

Shortly after following her gaze, Julius appeared from the other side of the door.

The handsome Julius held his Knight’s sword in one hand and a slender man in the other. Julius had been ordered to separate from the others and pick him up.

The figure shook his long gray hair, and as he raised his head with a pitiful expression,

???: [Now now, I’m troooubled~ by this all happening so suddenly. My chest is burning and aching, and with this swordsman here shaking me all about, it’s all so terrible.]

Anastasia: [Instead of complainin’ so much like a chitterin’ bird, shouldn’t ya be thankin’ me n’ my Knight? Ya might be their target, after all.]

???: [Whaaat~!?]

Wearing a look of surprise, it was the one who had been restrained earlier in the back of the carriage, the Stargazer, Ubilk.

Apparently, he was in a position where he was a beneficial asset to the Empire, and was also a valuable source of information in its fight against the Great Disaster. In order to prevent him from being killed, Julius had been sent to him.

Anastasia: [With Garf-kun, I thought there’d’ve been a lotta detours due to him wanderin’ off ‘n foolin’ ‘bout.]

Garfiel: [I’m fightin’ properly, ya know! Stop complainin’!]

Anastasia: [Really? If I didn’t ask ya to do this job, wouldn’t ya’ve gone to help Halibel outside instead?]

Garfiel: [Graarrr…!]

Snarling with an expression that proved she had hit bullseye, Garfiel’s fangs quivered.

The coupled dragon carriage was being continuously attacked by their enemies, but ensuring the biggest threat could not approach them, keeping the Blight Dragon at bay on his own, was Halibel.

The fierce Dragon’s roar could occasionally be heard along with the accompanying sky-cracking boom―― if he were not the strongest of the City-States, it would be impossible to stall the world’s most powerful species.

Julius: [Garfiel, thank you very much for protecting Anastasia-sama and the others. I extend my respect for your bravery.]

Garfiel: [Shuddup! Just like the Captain, my amazin’ self ain’t too good at dealin’ with ya!]

Julius: [That is regrettable. As with Subaru, I was hoping to become friends with you as well.]

Garfiel: [GRRRRRRR!!]

Garfiel vigorously growled at the words Julius spoke in his face, thrusting out his fist. As if intersecting with Julius, the coordination demolished the undead that appeared behind one another.

Even if Garfiel would not admit it, the two top-notch warriors were perfectly in sync.

Anastasia: [However, this is all just a stopgap… I don’t wanna stop the dragon carriage, but if it stops then that’ll be the end of the line. We hafta get the situation movin’ somewhere, right?]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [NUUUGGGGH——!!]

With a deep and burly roar, a golden mace was swung.

The horizontal impact scythed down the undead clad in bulky armor all at once, and the enemies that had been flung off the top of the dragon carriage, crumbled into dust even before they even crashed into the ground.

However, even after dealing with several enemies at once, the number of foes did not abate.

???: [DamnitdamnitDAMNIT! Such shrewd tricks!!]

Angered was his stern face, covered in beard and scars, and Goz Ralfon roared like a lion.

In Goz’s field of vision, he could see a swarm of undead flying dragons blanketing the sky, deploying the undead clutched in their talons down onto the coupled dragon carriages one after the other.

This bold method of transport was the worst possible mechanism by which the enemy soldiers could board the coupled dragon carriages.

——Throwing the enemy soldiers down did not ensure that every one of them could catch hold of the coupled dragon carriages.

Rather, nearly half of the soldiers failed to catch the coupled dragon carriages, and after being thrown by the undead flying dragons, simply fell to the ground below, and the outrageous occurrence of the impact reducing their resurrected bodies back into dust was repeated over and over.

However, even a military deployment that could only be called a suicidal act for a living soldier, turned into an efficient means of transportation that can be used without the fear of losses using dead soldiers.

And thus, implementing it was——,

Goz: [——The Pruning Corps of Her Excellency Lamia!]

Goz had rushed to protect the ground dragons, who held the most important position at the foremost wagon of the coupled dragon carriages, and he glared at the sky where the worst assortment of undead were being brought by the flock of deceased flying dragons.

The Pruning Corps were the malevolent group that had carried out what came to be known in the Vollachian Empire as the Great Purge.

Every member was clad in armor that disguised their facial features, and wielding massive great shears, they pruned any person deemed unnecessary for their master’s supremacy. ——That was the purpose of the Pruning Corps.

The reason the name of that group had gone down in the history of the Empire, was because a girl from the Imperial Family—— Lamia Godwin, nine years of age at the time, had massacred the armies of Mid Counts who had incited a rebellion, entire.

The victims of the purge had been made to suffer gruesome torment, thoroughly tasting the hell of this world.

Naturally, the young princess had had all her subordinates carry out all kinds of malevolent violence that would be a large burden for even those who got their hands dirty, thereby perfecting her malevolent squadron with ironclad loyalty.

Just how much control she had over the hearts of her soldiers, was on full display in this strategy. ——The fact that even in death, that which gnawed at their very souls, Lamia’s poison, had not faded in the slightest.

And then——,

???: [——My my. Even though so many years have passed, to think you would remember me and my adorable beasts, I am glad.]

Suddenly, a fear-inducing, sickly-sweet voice descended from above.

At that moment, Goz, paying no heed to appearances, raised his mace overhead, and deflecting the bright-red swing head-on, leapt backwards. Immediately after, the mace that Goz held caught fire.

It was a matter of course. ——After all, the brilliance of the Yang Sword dazzlingly illuminated all things.

Goz: [By no means, to think that you would descend onto the battlefield yourself…! Your Excellency Lamia Godwin!!]

Lamia: [Is it really so surprising? With this body, that is the best choice, is it not?]

Clenching down on his molars, Goz glared straight ahead, and in his vision was a noble undead who smiled bewitchingly.

The blood-red opulent dress, the dazzling array of jewelry, and the natural beauty characteristic of the Vollachian Imperial Family, which caused the value of the items which adorned their beauty to plummet. —―However that too, when coupled with the pale cracked skin and eerie golden irises, was but a shadow of its former self.

In the past, during the Imperial Selection Ceremony, the Poison Princess Lamia Godwin had vied for the throne against Vincent Vollachia, having been able to become the Empress—— as if testifying that she had completely changed, she looked down at the half of her body that Goz had shattered with his counterattack.

However, where other undead would have crumbled to dust from such a blow, Lamia’s body did not shatter. Instead, the cracks mended themselves, restoring her original form.

Goz: [That body…]

Lamia: [An immortal body that shall not be lost, no matter how much it is crushed or destroyed… Alas, it does not seem to be something so convenient that I can boast about in such a manner.]

Lamia, gently stroking the part that had been repaired, wielded the Yang Sword with that very hand, as if to prove that she had indeed recovered. In her arms, the dazzling beauty of the unfaltering treasured sword, seemed all the more blasphemous, rather.

Goz frowned at that fact, to which Lamia muttered, “How unpleasant,”

Lamia: [Although you could not calm down and have a chat at the Crystal Palace either, I wonder if you could stop making such a scary face, General Second-Class Ralfon?]

Goz: [Guh…]

Lamia: [Ah, you have become a General First-Class now, have you not? I heard about that. So Vincent-niisama has reinstated the system of the Nine Divine Generals? That is very much like him to do.]

Placing the hand not holding the Yang Sword against her chin, Lamia parted her lips to the side.

Those gestures and speech were unmistakably those of Lamia, whom Goz had also come to interact with while she was still alive, and he was both horrified and angered by the technique that allowed for the undead to replicate her former behavior.

Indifferent to his inner thoughts, Lamia looked at Goz’s armor from top to bottom and said,

Lamia: [The Nine Divine Generals, it is structured so that rising to the top is measured solely by strength. It is the perfect way to gather mindless, easily controllable pawns.]

Goz: […Certainly, part of the context behind His Excellency’s reinstatement of the Nine Divine Generals, was an intention to prepare a countermeasure against the current Great Disaster. That is something I acknowledge.]

Lamia: [Though from the way you say it, it seems you have an objection?]

Goz: [With all due respect!]

Lamia’s statement, it sounded like it was praising Vincent’s thoughts.

Before they opposed each other in the Imperial Selection Ceremony, it was said that Lamia had been quite fond of Vincent. Though life and death had separated their paths, her confidence in him remained intact even after death.

However――,

Goz: [Your Excellency Lamia, how much do you know of the time when you were not alive?]

Lamia: [What a strange question. ――Unfortunately, I know nothing from the time I was dead. Right now, I am in the middle of brushing up on all the various things that have happened. I would not mind if you were to teach me a little.]

Goz: [Then just one thing! Pardon my rudeness, I wish to correct you!]

Lamia: [――――]

Goz: [As Your Excellency Lamia has rightly observed, the Nine Divine Generals of the present age are all highly capable. They are all strong individuals who make light of even myself… But, there is not a single one among them who is an easy pawn to control!]

Puffing out his chest adorned in golden armor, Goz emphatically boasted out loud.

Supposing that in preparation for the battle against the Great Disaster, Vincent had reinstated the Nine Divine Generals in hopes of having pawns that would do exactly as they were told, it could be said that his plan had failed.

Every General First-Class was a hardened troublemaker, there was no way such a thing could be done so easily.

Goz: [It is not to the extent Your Excellency Lamia believes, the magnificence of the Empire is not summed up within His Excellency alone!]

Lamia: [――. I wonder, could that be an insult to Vincent-niisama?]

Goz: [No! Never! Not at all, Your Excellency Lamia!]

At Lamia’s narrowed eyes and the slightly sharp tone she had put into her words, Goz shook his head.

Lamia was angered by the feelings he had expressed about Vincent, but Goz was also sensitive to any disrespect or rude remarks made about His Excellency the Emperor. However, ever since the decision to abandon the Imperial Capital, his stance had changed slightly.

All of it, had not been influenced by Goz himself, but rather by a change in Vincent.

Goz: [“I am relying on your work”, he told me.]

Lamia: […What did you just say?]

Goz: [Your Excellency Lamia, His Excellency Vincent Vollachia who your esteemed self knew was indeed outstanding! And yet! Now! Even more! His Excellency the Emperor is changing, striving for even greater excellence!!]

Lamia: [――――]

Goz: [The Vollachian Empire, hereafter, will continue to flourish more and more! For that reason, we cannot let the hindrance from those who have once died go uncontrolled any longer!]

In the sense of seeking perfection from the Emperor, Goz and Lamia were very much alike. But, what decisively differentiated the two was their respective knowledge from the passage of the last nine years.

Those who continued to walk forward in time, they would leave behind those who had halted their step; that was a fact.

Goz: [A wise man who does not cease his onward march! Surpassing even the expectations and predictions of those who have halted, and pushing even further beyond! That, is the apex of the Vollachian Empire, His Excellency the Emperor!]

Raising the blazing head of his mace aloft, Goz shook off his hesitation, and he charged forward.

Up until that point, his love and reverence for Lamia, a member of the Vollachian Imperial Family despite her altered appearance, had fettered Goz. ――But, those shackles were torn apart by a stronger and more fervent loyalty.

Goz: [OOORAAAAH――!!]

Raising a mighty roar, Goz’s singular swing drew a semicircle, and slammed down onto Lamia.

Possessing unparalleled herculean strength, a strike from Goz using all of his might was not easy to block, even if the opponent was one of the Nine Divine Generals. Even more so for the slender arm of a woman, even if that arm held the Yang Sword.

In fact, Lamia did not even try to block Goz’s strike with the Yang Sword she wielded.

Lamia: [With that unwise head of yours, you sure talk a lot, General First-Class Ralfon. ――I am actually rather impressed, so I shall inform you.]

Her thin lips moved, and Lamia fixed her gaze on Goz with a beautiful smile.

The figure of the woman received the head of the descending mace in its entirety, and without offering even the slightest resistance, it shattered like ceramic, and was blown away into smithereens.

Right after stating her intention to tell him something, she had been reduced to dust beyond any hope of repair.

Of course, there was also the matter raised in the war council earlier. Even if the undead were defeated, there was a possibility that they would rise again through the medium of the so-called Corebug that the magicians from the Kingdom had discovered.

Goz: [Even so…]

The defeat of Lamia here, it should be a turning point in the situation.

If the Pruning Corps no longer had someone to give them explicit orders, depending on the presence or absence of a commander―― No, the difference in their ability would already be an advantage to his side.

That confidence of Goz was――,

???: [――Are you listening, General First-Class Ralfon?]

Goz: [――Hk!?]

Once again, the moment when the sickly-sweet voice grazed his ears, Goz’s mace was swung directly behind him; in its path, it slammed into the figure of the enemy and, piercing through the torso, had split their body in two with a sound like shattering pottery.

As that was smashed and blown away in the corner of his vision, Goz gulped.

Because the enemy he had reflexively struck down, that which had been turned into dust and vanished, donned a face supposedly impossible for it to don.

The reason being that it was the very same as the one Goz had defeated with his own hands just a moment ago.

???: [Even though you rarely say clever things, it is just as you say.]

Goz: [Impossible…]

Faced with a strange sight that should have never been, the hand gripping the mace began to quake and tremble.

Whether that was out of anger or some other emotion, even Goz himself could not discern. What was certain, however, was that it was blasphemy.

A blasphemy against the Vollachian Empire, to which the Lion Knight, Goz Ralfon, had sworn his loyalty.

???: [――This is a war of annihilation, between us who were left behind in the past, and you lot.] ???: [――This is a war of annihilation, between us who were left behind in the past, and you lot.] ???: [――This is a war of annihilation, between us who were left behind in the past, and you lot.]

Having declared thus, Lamia Godwin, who should have been shattered, smiled at Goz.

――Wielding countless Yang Swords in their hands, innumerable Poison Princesses, innumerable Lamia Godwins, smiled at him.

--- Chapter 27: Berstetz Fondalfon ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Lamia: [Berstetz, I am entrusting this situation to you. Stand firm, even if it means your death.]

Berstetz: [Yes, Your Excellency. Please ensure your own safety.]

――That, was the last conversation they had ever exchanged.

If one were to ask whether their bond was based on a so-called “strong connection” beyond a mere professional master-servant relationship, the answer would be “no”.

Still, sensing great potential in her intellect and demeanor, using the wisdom he had accumulated over the years, he sought to pave her path, guiding her towards the throne where the Emperor ought to sit.

Even without having loyalty or passion towards her, their master-servant relationship was genuine.

She had not been instructed how to count from one to ten. Yet this individual, once she understood “one”, she would comprehend “one hundred”, and think up “one hundred and one”.

She was someone able to judge for herself and others the roles befitting their abilities, and the duties befitting their position.

He had not been blessed with martial prowess, he always yearned to be the Sword Wolf of the Empire, yet he never quite reached it.

Not garnering respect from others, he could only live a life of scorn, but the fact that she had deemed him useful was perhaps something worthy of gratitude.

Thus, there was not a shred of deception in the last words that they had exchanged.

During the Imperial Selection Ceremony, he had been sternly commanded to stand his ground, even if it meant risking his life, and he had resolved himself to do so.

Unable to proclaim himself a Sword Wolf, it was the final service of a man who had simply grown too old.

Even though he was a passionless servant, he was determined to become a martyr to fulfill his duty.

And yet, Berstetz had survived.

And the master, who had hoped for his safety, had lost her life.

To this day, Berstetz Fondalfon continued to live in shame.

Without fulfilling his duties, pursuing the position of the Emperor that lead the Empire towards decline, he remained unaware of the schemes behind the Great Disaster that had unfolded. To call himself a Sword Wolf now would be nothing short of hubris and disgrace.

Despite not fulfilling any of the commands given to him, he continued to live in shame.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [General First-Class Ralfon, what has come over you?]

???: [Is this not quite uncharacteristic for someone with a fondness for the Vollachian Imperial Family?]

???: [Or perhaps, you no longer favor me since I was defeated in the Imperial Selection Ceremony?]

The same voice emanated from different mouths, and Goz Ralfon found himself under the unrelenting gaze of countless golden eyes.

Goz Ralfon, clad in golden armor of the same color as those eyes, distorted the scars on his face and gritted his molars at the horrifying reality reflected in his eyes.

With all his might, he struck a hammering blow with his mace.

The blood of the Empire’s Sword Wolf coursed through Goz’s veins, screaming in defiance as he struck down Lamia, a respected member of the Imperial Family, now deemed an enemy.

Torn apart by the soul-crushing pain of his actions, Goz finally grasped the grim truth.

――The Great Disaster unquestionably threatened to destroy the Vollachian Empire.

Goz: [For what purpose…!]

As Goz’s teeth ground together in rage, before him stood Lamia―― Or rather, multiple Lamias tilting their heads in unison.

The sight of her cascading orange hair slipping over her slender shoulders fanned the flames of anger within Goz.

Goz: [Why do you allow this imitation?! Such… Such blasphemy cannot be! You are making a mockery of Her Excellency Lamia’s life!!]

Riding on his surging anger, his voice trembled as the impending tears were seared away by his boiling blood; Goz addressed the countless clones of Lamia before him.

However, in response to Goz’s heartfelt plea, the Lamias collectively placed the back of their hands to their lips, then playfully said,

Lamia: [Do not misunderstand, General First-Class Ralfon. This is something I did of my own volition, not something someone else forced upon me.]

Goz: […What, are you…]

Lamia: [That Witch is rather rigid in her thinking. If I can be resurrected after being shattered, then I can certainly resurrect myself back before being shattered. Receptacles can be made endlessly, so all I need to do is dilute the source and fill them all. Once that is intuitively grasped―― Well, something as dreamlike as this can be achieved, right?]

Graciously smiling, Lamia Godwin, her pale face painted with a flush of mischief, proudly displayed the many versions of herself, mirroring her wit from when she was alive.

Goz: [――――]

Seeing the dreamlike state Lamia described, Goz could not help but inwardly agree.

Lamia, endlessly multiplying, blasphemously replicating her own existence. And each one of these Lamias bore the Yang Sword, the symbol of the Empire.

If this was not a dream―― or rather a nightmare, then what was it?

Lamia: [You know, General First-Class Ralfon, you cannot shatter dreams in reality. Why not accept that… and perhaps join us on our side?]

Goz: [――. What, what do you mean?]

Lamia: [It is not complicated. If you were to die, you would be in the same position as me and the others. Why not choose the winning side sooner rather than later?]

Lamia, her hands clasping her sword in front of her and tilting her head, beckoned Goz.

If one were to fall in battle, they would join the ranks of Lamia’s undead army. It was a reality unfolding on the battlefield, but imagining it brought an unbearable weight on one’s psyche.

The staunchly loyal Imperial Soldier, Goz, and the soldiers who shared his sentiments would, upon falling, align with those aiming to destroy the Empire without a second thought.

Just as Lamia Godwin, who once vied for the throne of the Empire’s Empress, had done.

There, upon its completion, would be an Empire of the undead. ――In the country of the Sword Wolf, without even a shadow to be seen.

Goz: [I am undeserving of your words, Your Excellency Lamia!]

After tightly shutting his eyes, Goz lifted his face, and he confronted Lamia.

In the face of Goz’s intense spirit, Lamia’s beautifully arched eyebrows furrowed as she frowned.

Lamia: [You seem poised to refuse.]

Goz: [Generous as your mercy is, Your Excellency Lamia! I, Goz Ralfon, must respectfully decline!]

Lamia: [As expected, you have turned me down.]

Against Lamia’s narrowed golden eyes, Goz thought of the vision he had seen in his moment of closed introspection.

The vision where he, life extinguished, became an undead like Lamia and the others, his pale face bearing those golden eyes, wielding his mace to destroy the Empire―― he shattered that vision into pieces.

Complete destruction, faced with that illusion that shrouded him, he roared.

Goz: [I must correct my earlier statement! I said that none of the Nine Divine Generals are entirely under the Emperor’s control! I am a loyal pawn of His Excellency the Emperor! Regardless of what others may do! I alone! Wish to remain so!!]

Rejecting the fate of becoming a harbinger of destruction in Death, he yearned to remain a living servant of His Excellency the Emperor.

That was Goz Ralfon’s way of being as the Empire’s Sword Wolf, his desired path.

Deep thoughts, lofty ideals, he left everything to his ruler, Vincent, intending only to fulfill his designated role.

That was to say――,

Goz: [I am the Fifth of the Nine Divine Generals chosen by His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia! I am Goz Ralfon!!]

He raised his golden mace, declaring his stand against the countless Lamias without taking a single step back.

The next moment, the multitude of Lamias, brandishing their Yang Swords, lunged at Goz, who had so boldly proclaimed this. With a single touch of the sword, the scintillating flame of Vollachia would incinerate a person down to their soul.

But before it could touch him, Goz’s muscles pulsated, and his mace swept through the air.

Goz: [――Hk.]

With unwavering intent, Goz’s swing struck the side of the attacking Lamia, smashing together about five of them in one fell swoop, turning their delicate, porcelain-like bodies to dust.

Witnessing this display, the remaining Lamias widened their eyes, their expressions changing.

They gazed at the obstinately straightforward Sword Wolf and smiled cruelly.

Lamia: [No matter how bravely you roar and rampage, upon your Death, you will become my slave, you know?]

Goz: [If it is truly so difficult to resist! Then I shall turn to stone before my life expires! I shall remain undying, to offer my final act of loyalty to His Excellency the Emperor!!]

He swung his mace overhead, poised to ensure none of the gathered Lamias would escape.

If the Lamias wielding the Yang Swords scattered throughout the coupled dragon carriages, their radiant light might sear the eyes of Vincent. He was determined to prevent that.

And for that purpose, the colossal form of the Lion Knight was ever present. In his fury, Goz Ralfon raged on.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――It seems like you have steeled quite the valiant resolve, but alas, how unfortunate.]

At the foremost wagon of the coupled dragon carriages, as it barreled towards its destination, Goz Ralfon fiercely howled his reason for being, preventing the wheels of the carriages from being stopped.

While his ardor was quite considerable, his main desires would not come to fruition.

Unfortunately for Goz’s desperate attempts to keep the now undead Lamias at bay, they had already reached other parts of the coupled dragon carriages.

A matter of course. Even if she multiplied, there was no need for her to multiply in only one place. She was not bound by such limitations. While she would not say that Goz’s valiant efforts were in vain, they had little impact.

Thus, in a dragon carriage full of those among the Empire’s living who played crucial roles, the significance of keeping a formidable force such as Goz Ralfon occupied went without saying.

Lamia: [Unfortunately for you, you are not the one suppressing me, General First-Class Ralfon. I am the one subduing you.]

As Goz fended off against the Yang Sword by his lonesome, while hindering his ardor, Lamia glanced into the distance as she headed for one of the center wagons.

In the distant sky, there could be seen the figure of a wolfman clashing with the mighty Blight Dragon, dark as blackened clouds.

Lamia: [It is outside my calculations that Valgren is unable to be used, but to successfully keep that one occupied is quite the achievement.]

Through her narrowed golden eyes, Lamia was able to see just how exceptional the wolfman seen with Valgren really was.

Goz, one of the Empire’s Nine Generals of the First-Class, was undoubtedly among the world’s mightiest warriors. And that entity, surpassing even Goz, was contending with a being belonging to the world’s most powerful lifeform.

――No, on the contrary, the Blight Dragon was the one who was being overpowered.

The only reason why the Blight Dragon had not been completely overcome was because its ability to recover exceeded the damage from the attacks it was suffering. Even when shattered time and time again, the shinobi was not able to finish off the regenerating Blight Dragon.

The fact that it could not be killed alone, already made it more than enough of an unusual sight.

Lamia: [But, it is unfortunate that the wolfman will be of no use to us even if he dies.]

???: [――That’s a comment I can’t overlook.]

At the sound of light footsteps, followed by a rough voice, Lamia slowly turned around.

Looking in the same direction that Lamia was, watching the battle between the Blight Dragon and the wolfman with a sidelong glance, stood a blond man―― no, a boy.

Lamia gave a small snort, and cast a smile upon the boy.

Lamia: [Considering you have the stench of a foul beast, are you perhaps a half-beast?]

???: […I don’t wanna hear that from a woman who reeks of dirt. Nah, it ain’t just ‘bout that.]

Lamia: [――?]

???: [Lotsa women all with the same face lined up. When it comes to somethin’ like that, Nanna’s more than enough for me!]

With a firm thud as he clapped his fists together in front of his chest, the caustic words of the half-beast boy caused Lamia, and the other Lamias, to narrow their eyes.

The meaning behind the boy’s complaint was unclear. But, it was apparent that the boy had previously encountered another group of beings that all shared the same form, much like with the Lamias now.

Furthermore――,

???: [I ain’t sayin’ that my amazin’ self’s all buddy-buddy with that shiny golden oldie there, but he’s got a fuckin’ loud voice… So I know that outta all the ones who’re attackin’ here, you’re the toughest bastard!]

Lamia: [――――]

Indeed, just after the boy bared his fangs and snarled, Lamia could sense a shift in the atmosphere.

Those were changes in various wagons of the coupled dragon carriages―― assuming the whole dragoncade was divided into five parts, Lamia was currently facing off with the boy in the third segment. Separate from Goz’s show of resistance in the first segment, these changes had occurred in the second and fourth segments. [1]

The roof of the second segment had been engulfed in flames, while the fourth had been glaciated over by a freezing wind.

Both instances had taken place in wagons that had been boarded by Lamias separate to this Lamia, as well as the Pruning Corps.

Keenly understanding that reality from her experience, Lamia touched the back of her hand to her lips and smiled.

Lamia: [I seeee~. It seems that people from the Kingdom really do not know when to give up.]

???: […Why d’ya know that our amazin’ selves’re from Lugunica?]

Lamia: [I only just figured it out. After all, you did not seem very characteristic of imperial citizens, so I just tried to ask. I find it rather adorable.]

???: [Nah, that ain’t it. Teasin’ my amazin’ self ain’t the only purpose.]

Observing Lamia’s smile as she mocked him, the boy shook his head.

It was not a matter of being unable to admit defeat. Nor, for that matter, was it insight. If it had to be put to words, it would be the boy’s instincts. It was a primal, innate ability to sniff out the truth.

In his mind, the boy had connected the dots between what he had sniffed out, and Lamia’s earlier words.

???: [Considerin’ the talk about how ya can’t use the Admirer, ‘n yer disappointment about where my amazin’ self’s from…]

Lamia: [――That’s enough chatter.]

Evidently, the boy was using his head despite it not being his forte.

Seeing someone give their utmost effort to that which they were unsuited for, was very, very irksome to Lamia.

As Lamia shrugged her slender shoulders, another Lamia slashed at the boy in response.

Ducking down, the boy evaded the sharp tip of the red blade, slamming the back of his fist into that Lamia’s abdomen. But, another Lamia slashed through the body of the Lamia who had been blown away. The bisected body of that Lamia caught fire, and from behind the curtain of the blazing inferno, a lethal thrust aimed for the boy’s life.

With a brief roar, the boy kicked off the roof, and leaped up into the air.

An undead flying dragon sliced through the air in its approach, and the boy who tried to escape into the air was snatched into the deceased dragon’s maw. With the boy in its mouth, the undead flying dragon ascended, and shortly thereafter other undead flying dragons swarmed.

Lamia: [It was the same with General First-Class Ralfon, but those who need to close the distance will find that they have poor affinity with the Yang Sword.]

Adjusting her grip on her unswung Yang Sword, Lamia spoke to the boy, who was being swarmed by the undead flying dragons.

With just one slash of the Yang Sword, its flames would scorch a soul until naught remained. The magical blade’s effect, which boosted the physical abilities of the wielder, could transform even the pampered members of the Vollachian Imperial Family into top-notch fighters.

And, for someone who had dedicated time to the art of the sword, its benefits went without saying.

Lamia: [Now then, the boy with that beastly stench is dealt with. All that is left is nii-sama’s whereabouts…]

Taking her time, as Lamia was about to embark on a leisurely stroll, a thunderous roar suddenly rang out above her head.

The flock of undead flying dragons, so many had swarmed that it seemed like a round sphere, and over ten of them had been blown away mid-air, bursting into smithereens. Emerging from the center of that outburst, bearing not the slightest resemblance to the slender and agile boy from just before, was a mighty, gigantic tiger.

The large tiger, swinging its mighty arms, larger than bundles of many logs, blew away the swarm of undead flying dragons, and immediately swooped down. Its weight made the roof of the coupled dragon carriages creak, and in the next instant, it lunged toward Lamia.

Lamia: [――――]

Whirling around, Lamia slashed the Yang Sword upwards from a low position.

She was momentarily taken aback. However, the beastification had made him a larger target. Against a wielder of the Yang Sword, where a mere graze could ensure victory, this was a bad move.

As the large tiger leaped toward her, its chest would instantly be sliced open by the Yang Sword――,

???: [――RRRRRRAH!!]

Lamia: [――My my~.]

A sound was made as the tip of the Yang Sword scraped against steel, and Lamia’s golden eyes widened.

The giant tiger plunged forth, and rather than slamming its brawny arm into Lamia, it instead dug its claws into the roof half a step in front of her, forcibly upheaving it to use as a shield.

Lamia’s sword stroke glided off its surface, and as the large tiger pivoted, it drove its other arm directly into her.

The impact tore away Lamia’s upper body, and her shattered form was knocked down to the side of the carriage.

The giant tiger had exceeded Lamia’s expectations. Yet, much like Goz, it was a futile effort.

Lamia: [Even if this “me” dies…]

As she crumbled to dust before hitting the ground, Lamia’s lips spun words.

Even if this body were to perish, she would simply regenerate, just like her other selves. Moreover, the advantage of this regeneration was not just the fact that death did not mean the end.

The next Lamia to rise would inherit all of this Lamia’s experiences.

Which meant――,

Lamia: [――――]

As Lamia fell, sensing the other Lamias and the Pruning Corps springing towards the giant tiger, her crumbling field of vision caught a glimpse inside one of the wagons of the coupled dragon carriages that she was leaving behind.

Inside that wagon, her eyes met with someone gazing out of the window. She had ascertained which carriage the person she sought was in, so that she could pass this information on to the next Lamia.

Lamia: [――Found you, Vincent-niisama.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Your Excellency.]

Visible outside the carriage window, Berstetz spilled out a voice while his eyes, usually narrowed to a thread’s breadth, were slightly open.

It was undoubtedly Lamia Godwin, revived as an undead, who had just now been shaken off the roof and had smashed to the ground.

With his own eyes, Berstetz had already confirmed this fact.

As soon as he saw that the Pruning Corps, with whom he was well-acquainted, was participating in this fierce assault on the dragon carriage, he knew full well that it was Lamia who was behind it.

Still, the sight of Lamia’s body shattering and being reduced to dust shocked Berstetz.

???: [I had hoped to see you at least once, but I didn’t expect it to be like this.]

Berstetz: [High Countess Dracroy…]

Serena: [Don’t look at me like that, Prime Minister. You saw the same thing I just did. If Her Excellency Lamia was crushed like that, might it stop her private army, the Pruning Corps? Am I understanding that right?]

Berstetz: [――――]

Serena: [This doesn’t look very promising, though.]

The undead Lamia had just met her end outside of the carriage window, and Serena, smiling, shrugged her shoulders.

She spoke with dim expectations, and even though Lamia, to whom they had sworn their loyalty, had been killed, from the Pruning Corps hailed not a shred of hope regarding their onslaught.

Based on the previous discussion at the military conference, death did not seem to be the end for the undead.

Sphinx, the main perpetrator behind the Great Disaster, aimed to use even death itself to destroy the Empire. After all, if this Witch could do it, what could the Poison Princess not do?

Even without witnessing the undiminished fighting spirit of the Pruning Corps, the end of Lamia was surely ahead of them.

???: [Anastasia-sama, please stand back!]

Raising a dignified voice, a young man clad in a kimono wielded an elegant sword.

A rainbow-colored slash easily sliced through the solid black armor of the Pruning Corps as if it were hot steel slicing through ice.

Even Berstetz, who was not blessed with martial prowess, could see that this young man―― Julius, was no less capable than the Empire’s finest warriors.

Anastasia: [But, even my Julius can’t stay fightin’ forever. We gotta move the situation forward.]

Anastasia muttered as she stroked the scarf around her neck, protected by Julius’s struggle.

Julius and Garfiel, respectively, were fighting the enemy inside the carriage and on the roof, but along with Lamia, who had fallen earlier, both inside and outside were fierce battles.

It was a situation in which all the personnel who could fight were fighting, including the guards.

???: [Eeeven~ so, don’t you feel like we’re being targeted a bit too much?]

Anastasia: [Maybe, but ain’t it ’cause you’re here? I can see that sore on yer chest, looks like it’s been marked pretty good.]

???: [Mark…? Whaaat~, it’s true!]

Ubilk, who had been taken out of his confinement room, looked down at his loose blouse and raised his voice.

As Anastasia had said, there were traces of a welt on his white skin that she had happened to glimpse, and if that had occurred at the same time as the attack――,

Berstetz: [An Evil Eye to grasp the whereabouts of a target… It cannot be, His Excellency Palladio Manesque?]

Serena: [Well, well, well, are all the participants of the Imperial Selection Ceremony present? Then, I’d like to reminisce with His Excellency Barthroy, who sent me flowers when I took the governorship from my father.]

The Evil Eye of Palladio Manesque, Prince of Vollachia, heir to the blood of the Evil Eye Tribe, had captured its target, which must have been why the Pruning Corps continued to attack this place.

Berstetz guessed thus, and Serena, who herself was using her sword to keep the enemy in check, licking her lips,

Serena: [Whether we move from this place or not, I don’t want to die because we made a choice between being in the front or the back. If we are defeated, the Empire is as good as dead; not just the head, but from the waist up. It will be interesting to see if there is any other way for creatures such as these to die…]

Berstetz: [I would be troubled if you were to say something unscrupulous. I am not sure about this old body of mine, but I cannot be replaced by the likes of His Excellency or you.]

Serena: [No one is irreplaceable, Prime Minister. Indeed, I am in awe of you, just as I am in awe that you were appointed to represent His Excellency the Emperor. Be that as it may――]

Her harshness never faltering under any circumstance, Serena struck at Berstetz’s conduct in the Imperial Capital, the situation changing.

Whether they would move towards the front or towards the back would emerge from a choice.

???: [There you are! You’ve been standing your ground here, huh!]

Anastasia: [Natsuki-kun!]

Crossing the threshold of the door to the rear carriage, which had already been breached by the Pruning Corps’ attack, a small silhouette rushed into the carriage where Berstetz and his group were.

At the sight of the black-haired boy at the head of his group, Anastasia raised her voice in welcome.

Those who had just hurriedly arrived were the boy named Natsuki Subaru, and a girl in a dress holding his hand. Following them were a deergirl, a girl with blonde hair, and two young ladies who shared identical features, apart from one having pink hair and the other having blue hair――.

Julius: [Subaru! What happened to Emilia-sama?]

Subaru: [Emilia-tan is fighting hard in the rear section! She’s freezing the vehicle to reinforce it so that the enemies can’t get in, we’d have ended up frozen too if we’d stayed!]

Anastasia: [That’s quite the high-handed move… But still, it’s a winnin’ one.]

Subaru answered Julius’s question, which was asked as he forced an undead back out the window as it was trying to break in. Anastasia batted an eye shut at the frowning boy’s response, and then directed her light-blue gaze behind him―― towards the blonde girl.

Girl: [Aau…]

Anastasia: [With all this goin’ on, I guess yer talk’s been put on hold?]

Subaru: [――No, I already concluded my discussion. It’s just that the opportunity to convey it to everyone’s been interrupted. What about that bastard Abel? Does he have the same mark as me?]

Standing alongside the blonde girl, Subaru spoke thus and pulled his shirt down to show them a spot on his chest. There, a raised welt identical to the one on the Stargazer, Ubilk, could be seen.

As soon as he noticed it, Ubilk loudly exclaimed “Aaah~!”,

Ubilk: [Seeee~, I knew it! You’ve got the same mark on you! That must mean we’re fellow Stargazers!]

Subaru: [I keep telling you, that’s not it! It’s not just on me, it’s the same on my cute Beako, and I feel sorry for her! What’s there in common here!?]

???: [――Most likely, it is marking the obstacles to the Great Disaster that need to be eradicated.]

This time, a voice had come from the door opposite from where Subaru and the others had entered, and the one it belonged to rushed in from the corridor that led to the car at the front.

Appearing side-by-side were Otto, a tactician of the Kingdom who had exerted a strong influence in the war council, and a girl who had devoted herself to healing the wounded soldiers.

Upon their entry, Subaru turned around, his eyes wide in surprise,

Subaru: [Otto! Petra! Are you both okay? I’m sorry about earlier!]

Otto: [Let us leave that discussion for later. Right now, we need to exchange crucial information.]

Petra: [The mark you were saying appeared on Subaru and Beatrice-chan, it’s appeared on Master too! Right now, Master is in the dragon carriage up ahead, drawing the zombies to him…]

Pink-Haired Girl: [Roswaal-sama also has the mark…]

Upon hearing the report from the girl called Petra, the woman with pink hair, likely a relative of Rem, cast her eyes downward.

However, if not only Ubilk, Subaru, and the girl named Beatrice, but also the Chief Court Magician of the Kingdom had the mark, then the qualifications needed for being marked had become somewhat apparent.

That being――,

Anastasia: [――Margrave Mathers ‘n Beatrice-chan, who went up against Sphinx on the plain. Also, Natsuki-kun, who stopped the ambush on the dragon carriage, ‘n Stargazer-san as well, if I recall.]

Berstetz: [It cannot be confirmed from here, but there is a possibility that the same marking has also been carved on Halibel-san, who is fighting with that black dragon outside.]

Serena: [And also His Excellency the Emperor I guess. I’d say that’s quite likely. Every one of those named are all irreplaceable in their abilities.]

Serena made a quick jab at Berstetz’s prior comment, while also agreeing with the opinions of the experts.

Concerning the discussion that was started by Anastasia and the others, Berstetz also concurred. So long as the effect of Palladio’s Evil Eye persisted, endless assassins would be sent after the ones who were targeted.

However――,

Rem: [Wait, please. If your guess is correct, then I don’t understand why the same mark hasn’t emerged on this child… On Spica-chan.]

The one who voiced this was Rem, who was holding on to the little girl’s shoulders from behind her.

This girl that she called Spica, although her importance had not yet been detailed, was said to be one of those named in Ubilk’s prophecy.

In that regard, there was no doubt that she was an important person for the Vollachian Empire――,

Otto: [Spica, is it?]

At Rem’s appeal, Otto muttered with an emotion that differed from Berstetz and the rest.

Upon hearing his muttering, Subaru looked at Otto and, with a serious expression,

Subaru: [I’ve decided where I stand. The proof will be in her way of life from here on.]

Otto: [――. What an odd coincidence. I have just made a decision as to where I stand as well.]

It would have been impossible for an outsider to guess how many complex emotions were involved in this quiet exchange. Moreover, in the midst of this assault, it was a situation that would need to be put on the back burner.

Right now, the top priority should be――,

Pink-Haired Girl: [We need to get a move on before Garf, who’s howling above our heads, turns into a grilled tiger.]

Subaru: [Don’t make it sound like he’s a grilled chicken… But, Rem did have a point earlier.]

Subaru nodded at the pink-haired girl’s words, and when he turned around, everyone’s eyes were focused on the girl named Spica. The girl made a mute sound at the concentration of their gazes and looked around with a puzzled face.

Beatrice: [If this Stargazer is to be believed, this girl… Spica is the natural enemy of the Great Disaster, in fact. So then, why is she being overlooked, I suppose?]

Petra: [――? Is that really so weird? I mean, we would’ve never known if that guy hadn’t told us about it, right? If that’s the case, doesn’t that mean that they don’t know either?]

Subaru: […So, does that mean there isn’t a Stargazer on the undeads’ side?]

Subaru muttered this realization as the girls continued to exchange questions.

At that remark, Ubilk turned around, and shook his head lazily with a forlorn look on his face,

Ubilk: [Yeaaah~, sorry. I don’t even know that, since it’s not related to my commandment.]

Rem: [Even so, can you at least tell me what it is about Spica-chan that makes you say she is a shining light? It would be irresponsible for you to just fling her name out.]

Ubilk: [Sooorry~ for being so irresponsible.]

Ubilk’s seemingly defiant expression turned Rem’s face a tense color. However, Ubilk’s answer was less than desirable, but Rem’s skewed topic might have been worth considering.

Otto: [With what materials we have at our disposal at the present, we have no choice but to use the coupled dragon carriage, which could break up at any moment, to charge toward the Fortified City, all the while protecting those who have been marked. That city is supposedly still being repaired, too.]

Subaru: [I don’t think we have that much time left.]

Even as they spoke, the dragon carriage was slowly losing its original shape under the attack of the Pruning Corps. As had been previously discussed, if it were to stop moving, it would inevitably be destroyed.

To stop this battle, they must deal with the commander―― Lamia, who was leading the enemy forces.

Berstetz: [――――]

As they sought for means which were more than just coping remedies currently, Berstetz noticed in his thin, thread-narrow vision that Subaru had a terribly conflicted expression on his face. The anguish that occupied his countenance was the result of having realized something and hesitating to say what it was.

A statement that the boy hesitated to utter in this situation. His conflict was different from Serena’s, who did not examine her statements carefully enough, and the content of this conflict was――,

Pink-Haired Girl: [――Barusu.]

Otto: [Natsuki-san.]

At the same time, two people called out to Subaru.

Much like Berstetz, they must have also noticed the change in the boy’s facial expression. And the two, who knew the boy much better than Berstetz, were able to understand what was troubling him.

Closing his eyes at the intent of their gazes, Subaru took a deep breath and, tightening his expression,

Subaru: [――Spica’s Authority, it could be the breakthrough in this situation.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Oryaaaah~!]

Wielding a barbarian sword in each hand, Medium forcefully cut down the undead approaching in front of her.

As a result of that large swing, her back side was left completely exposed, and another pair of great shears from an undead were about to strike her. However, a slender longsword intervened in its path.

???: [Don’t mess with her so lightly, you big fuckwads!]

The one to howl, to slash wildly, was the one-eyed Imperial Soldier who called himself Jamal.

Working together with Jamal, Medium was struggling to protect her brother Flop, Jamal’s sister Katya, and the self-indulgent Abel from the constant attacks of the undead.

Even now, Medium stopped her foe in its tracks with a front kick, cut off its head with a barbarian sword, and turned the undead back to dust. Jamal also severed his foe’s knees with his twin swords, skewered its chest, and destroyed it.

Jamal: [Most Honorable Empress Consort! I’ll take care of this, you just stay back!]

Medium: [Like~ I~ said~! I haven’t said yes yet!]

Jamal: [Candidate for the Most Honorable Empress Consort! Stay back!]

Medium: [Geez~!]

Not accustomed to being treated so respectfully, Medium could not hide her bewilderment.

It had been that way ever since the earlier discussion between Flop and Abel. Abel had pointed it out already, but Medium had cooperated with her brother without asking anything of Flop’s thoughts.

In hindsight, she should have asked him a bit like Abel said.

Medium: [Then, I wouldn’t have been so surprised…!]

???: [Dear sister! Worrying and fretting doesn’t suit you!]

Medium: [And just whose fault do you think that is, big bro!]

Placing her frustration into her sword, Medium put all her strength into her legs as she grappled with the great shears that were being thrust at her. She stood firm and pushed back as to not be overpowered. A blade was thrust from under her armpit, and Jamal, who had moved to the rear, pierced the enemy through the chest and killed it.

After Jamal did so, while scraping his twin swords together in mid-air,

Jamal: [Katya! Don’t get impatient! I’m not letting anything get near you!]

Katya: [J-just stop it… I don’t care anymore… T-there’s nothing good even if I keep on living anyways…]

Jamal: [Don’t be so stupid! If you die, Todd won’t be able to rest in peace!]

Katya: [――Hk, s-stupid brother…! Are you going to say it? Y-you wouldn’t say that, would you? Die! D-die, brother…!]

Katya, sitting in her wheelchair, began to weep when a name that Medium did not recognize was mentioned. Medium began to feel very sorry for Katya. If it were not for this current situation, she would have liked to confide in her as a fellow younger sister who was being pushed around by her brother.

But, there was no luxury for that anymore.

Because――,

???: [――”Empress Consort”, now that is something I cannot just ignore, do you not agree?]

Medium: [――Hk.]

???: [I wonder, are you qualified to accompany the Sword Wolf among Sword Wolves?]

Tilting their head, standing out from the black-armored undead who were rushing toward them, was a very beautiful undead, even from Medium’s point of view.

If not for her pale skin and eerie, golden eyes, she would have been a sight to behold.

Whether the power of her words came from her being dead or from the time when she had been among the living, her words were remarkably intimidating, rendering Medium unable to answer back.

???: [Whatever answer that girl would give you, it would be of no use, since you are already dead.]

And so, it was Abel, not Medium, who answered back.

Abel and this beautiful undead glared at each other with Medium, Jamal, and the undead soldiers in between, from the front of the carriage all the way to the very back. ――Wrong, Abel and this beautiful undead stared at each other.

???: [Hello, Vincent-niisama. You look as dignified as ever… Maybe you have even lost some weight?]

Vincent: [Just when I had begun to think that my brothers and sisters are no longer able to pester me, you and Palladio seem to have found your way back. It is inevitable that my cheeks would appear a bit gaunt.]

???: [Fufu, of course I would want to find my way back. ――You saved Prisca, did you not? Onii-sama.]

Vincent: [――――]

???: [I wonder if you are qualified to punish me and Palladio-niisama when it was you, Onii-sama, who violated the premise of the Imperial Selection Ceremony? If the truth were to become known, no one would recognize you as the Emperor, would they?]

With a sneer, the undead princess laughed with her hand covering her mouth.

Abel’s black eyes shook slightly at her words. With those eyes, Abel tried to say something back to her, but――,

Medium: [There’s someone! I think Abel-chin is the Emperor!]

Jamal: [Me too, Your Excellency the Emperor! There’s no need to listen to the dead!]

Unable to hold back, the voices of Medium and Jamal, who had taken advantage of the situation, shook the carriage.

Hearing both of their statements, Abel’s eyes widened even more than before, and the Princess’s eyes narrowed. With irises glowing of aurelian luster, characteristic to the undead, she looked at Medium and Jamal, and,

???: [Do pray tell. These soldiers over there, do they have any idea of who I am?]

Jamal: [Huh? By the looks of it, you’re a part of the Vollachian Imperial Family, but what does it matter when you’re dead? Those who die a dog’s death are losers, and those who live are Sword Wolves! That’s it! That’s the way of the Empire!]

Shouting out the world’s most simple logic, Jamal resumed his melee with the enemy soldiers.

At the pleasantry of that momentum, Medium blinked her eyes and smiled. Smiling, Medium, like Jamal, resumed fighting.

Medium: [You’re way cooler than Abel-chin, Jamal-chin!]

Jamal: [That’s disrespectful, Most Honorable Empress Consort!]

Giving a wild grin at Medium’s praise, Jamal rampaged with his twin swords.

The confrontation between Abel and the Princess continued, with those fights occurring in between. Abel narrowed his sable eyes at the Princess as the latter seemed to have become slightly displeased.

Vincent: [――I sense the presence of many Yang Swords. You are not alone, Lamia.]

Lamia: [So what? I suppose you may be happy that your cute little sister has multiplied? Or perhaps, you are not interested because those are not Prisca, Vincent-niisama?]

Vincent: [Supposing that you are making use of the undead’s mechanisms to induce phenomena outside the realm of reason, for what reason do you appear before me without those numbers?]

At the mocking attitude of the Princess―― of Lamia, Abel was not at all concerned. Yet, within Lamia’s silence, Abel went ahead and found a clue.

With his narrowed sable eyes, Abel gazed at his little sister, who seemed to have been completely changed,

Vincent: [There is a limit to your numbers. Moreover, the majority of them are being subdued. ――Goz, hm?]

Lamia: [You say that so calmly, Onii-sama. If that is true, then General First-Class Ralfon’s efforts would be worthy of a medal, no? That poor soul, saying that he is fine with being a pawn――]

Vincent: [――And hence, I chose him.]

In a quiet voice, Abel interrupted Lamia.

Abel naturally crossed his arms on the spot and took Lamia’s gaze and words head-on,

Vincent: [He is one of the Generals that I have selected. It is only natural that he should work to that capacity.]

After stating so imposingly, Abel continued by calling her name, “Lamia”.

Then, to Lamia, as she looked at him with slightly widened eyes, he spoke.

Vincent: [I have never once thought of you as an insignificant being.]

Lamia: [――――]

At the words that were spoken to her, Lamia’s expression greatly shifted.

Up until then, she had looked nothing but fascinated, very sadistic, and otherwise discontent, but upon hearing Abel’s words, the look on her face changed.

Her aurelian eyes widened, and she bit her lip.

Lamia: [――VINCENT VOLLACHIAAAAA!!]

The next moment, the expression that Medium had seen vanished in an unbelievable manner, and a different expression appeared.

Her face, in which no real blood flowed, housed a definite indignation, and as her aurelian irises violently spasmed, she reached into the air and unsheathed her treasured sword, shining a brilliant red.

The treasured blade of dazzling radiance in hand, Lamia stepped forth, kicking off the floor, kicking off the wall, slipping through the gap between the undead, she leaped toward Abel.

That radiance, as if flames or even light itself were being swung down, brightly illuminated the interior of the carriage filled with undead, and attempted to extinguish Abel in his entirety.

With his eyes staring fixedly at that which was in front of him, the treasured sword swung down toward Abel’s nose.

Medium: [Abel-chin!!]

Kicking off an undead, Medium jumped back, catching the treasured sword with her barbarian sword. After time stood still for a moment, Medium’s barbarian sword melted, and the treasured sword continued in its trajectory.

Jamal: [Your Excellency the Emperor!]

A moment later, Jamal’s twin swords went to repel the treasured sword, just as Medium had tried. These, too, were engulfed by the treasured sword’s radiance, and their blades vanished in an instant.

Surmounting the obstacles presented by Medium and Jamal, Lamia’s sword strike was about to reach Abel.

At that rate, Abel’s entire body was going to be engulfed by the red light, and Medium screamed.

It happened at that very moment.

Vincent: [――――]

Just what had happened, no one knew.

That Flop and Katya behind Abel as he stood imposingly had both pulled on his jacket, making him fall on his rear on the spot; that Medium, who felt a tremendous pain in her chest at the thought of Abel’s death; that Jamal, whose face wore a look of despair at the thought that it was already too late; none of those had done it.

――It was just that, as if struck by the wind, Lamia’s body had collapsed on the spot.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [To think you would yet live, you are quite tenacious, Berstetz. ――Say, who won the Imperial Selection Ceremony? Vincent-niisama? Or was it Prisca?]

――Those were the first words she had presented to him upon their reunion.

The reunion with his master, whose physical appearance had undergone a radical change.

Even after nine years, when he would close his eyes, he could recall her appearance from back when she had been alive, almost as if it were yesterday. As humans aged, events of the distant past tended to become clearer than what had happened the day before.

That was why he only needed a single look to understand the abnormality pertaining to his master.

Her fractured, pallid skin, and her golden eyes that no longer desired the light, were those of the dead who had consigned their life to oblivion.

He had also understood from the initial question she had given him. The clock inside her had stopped ticking. That was right. That was how it ought to have been. The living and the dead must be kept far apart from each other.

Therefore――,

Berstetz: [――Pruning, CEASEEEE!!]

He barked out the order, raising his voice to the point that he thought it might tear apart his parched throat.

Graced by the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion, neither the strong winds that were supposed to batter him nor the violent tremors of the dragon carriage were present, allowing his voice to soar and resound throughout the area.

The moment they heard the command, the undead, equipped with great shears in their hands, stopped moving.

The Pruning Corps had suddenly halted their movements, and he did not know what to think about that fact. Should he lament it, or should he feel proud?

Entrusting their hearts to the Poison Princess, they were a symbol of fear with cold blood running through their veins. It was Berstetz who had reshaped them into such. They had met his expectations in accordance with his goals.

And, even after death, their bodies had reacted to the command of Berstetz Fondalfon.

Berstetz: [Time has stopped for the undead. If so, for them, that battle during the Imperial Selection Ceremony will have just occurred the day before… What is ingrained in their bodies can never fade away.]

They had demonstrated the ideal way to follow their master even in death.

???: [――And then? You are only able to subdue my animals for a moment, are you not?]

Berstetz: […Yes. However, with this, now you are here.]

Turning around towards the voice behind him, Berstetz greeted her in person, alone.

With its roof and walls in ruin, the dragon carriage was a mere shadow of its former sublimity. Despite that, on one of the platforms of the carriage that was laden with the Empire’s hope, Berstetz and Lamia faced off against one another.

Confirming that he was visible in the reflection of Lamia’s golden eyes, Berstetz blew out a breath.

Berstetz: [I have been expecting you, Your Excellency Lamia.]

Lamia: [Yes, it seems that way. But, I wonder, why are you here alone?]

Lamia gave a slight tilt of her head, spreading her arms as her eyes scanned over the empty dragon carriage.

Aside from Berstetz, neither Serena nor those of the Kingdom were present. He had remained here alone because he had a secret plan to immobilize Lamia as well as the Pruning Corps.

As a matter of fact, he had been successful in doing so for the Pruning Corps, even if it would last for only but a moment.

Berstetz was certain his commands would never take effect ever again, but he knew that his fellow passengers in the dragon carriage were able to utilize the opening he had created with the few seconds of time he bought.

With that, Berstetz had kept his promise to those who had gone ahead of him.

Berstetz: [I am no longer at an age where I would make declarations I cannot keep.]

Lamia: [There is no need to put yourself down like that. Nine years have passed since then, but you really have not changed a bit. You are the same as when I died.]

Berstetz: [――Perhaps it is as you say, Your Excellency.]

Berstetz responded to Lamia’s teasing words in a low, gravelly voice.

Lamia knitted her brows as she heard that. In front of her, Berstetz balled his bony hand into a fist, clenching his teeth that had miraculously not suffered a single loss.

He had not changed, even after nine years. What Lamia had said was correct.

Berstetz: [Since that moment, my time has also come to a standstill, Your Excellency Lamia.]

Berstetz murmured, then took a step forward.

Full of determination, he took a large step. Once his outstretched foot met the floor, he took another. Forcing his elderly body to move, Berstetz continued stepping forward, one step at a time.

Lamia: [――――]

Exasperatedly, Lamia narrowed her golden eyes.

The flow of time moved along slowly, feeling sluggish and stagnant. Not only did it feel as such, but it was slow in reality as well. Compared to Julius and Garfiel, who had been fighting to protect Berstetz and the others until a little while ago, it was terribly feeble to the point that making a comparison would be presumptuous.

He was a sheep painted black in a pack of wolves. He had become a sly old goat. Making his horns seem larger than they were, he desperately flaunted that he had his own role amongst the wolf pack.

Lamia: [――Yang Sword.]

As Lamia reached out towards the sky, the hilt of the esteemed, crimson sword materialized in her hand.

Her slender fingers squeezed themselves tightly around it, drawing out the treasured sword, the symbol of Vollachia. The fiery red, scintillating flame trapped within the blade seared into his eyes.

He was glad he always kept his eyes narrowed. Thanks to that, his eyeballs would still have been protected, even if his eyelids had been scorched.

Carrying those trivial, useless thoughts with him, Berstetz lifted his fist. Curled around one of his fingers was a ring. Proof that he was the Prime Minister of the Vollachian Empire.

It was a Meteor, imbued with Mana of the element of fire.

Lamia: [I have already seen that.]

The coldness in Lamia’s gaze retained its ice, having already seen the Meteor in action at the Imperial Capital, within the Crystal Palace, inside the throne room.

Berstetz’s advance was terribly slow, and his last resort had already been subjugated once. On the other hand, his opponent possessed one of the ten Enchanted Swords, which wielded power relative to the top echelon of the world――,

Berstetz: [――Your Excellency.]

He knew it would take less than a single second for her to cut him down and reduce him to cinders.

Despite that, out of his entire life, which spanned close to seventy years so far, Berstetz made full use of the longest second he had lived.

And then, he told his master what he had told her in the past, once again.

Berstetz: [――We have lost…!]

Berstetz threw down his raised fist as he spoke, pointing the ring at the floor.

There, he activated the Meteor. Flames swelled up and burst out beneath his feet, augmenting the elder’s sluggish advance with blazing momentum.

With great intensity, Berstetz’s entire body barreled towards Lamia.

Lamia’s golden eyes widened upon seeing the old man’s body throw itself at her from up-close. In those wide, gold-colored optics, there was the reflection belonging to Berstetz Foldalfon.

Gazing into the face that Berstetz saw in her eyes, Lamia continued to hold up the Yang Sword, and,

Lamia: [――So, you were capable of making such a frustrated face.]

They were lady and vassal, with a long-lasting affiliation while maintaining a respectable distance, who had never had a heart-to-heart conversation with one another.

For the first time, Lamia’s enigmatic vassal displayed an expression that she had never seen before. On that face, full of wrinkles and thin eyes narrowed to the point that his pupils were not visible, the elderly man appeared as if he were about to cry. Her hand stilled.

――Berstetz and Lamia’s bodies met each other head-on.

Unable to mitigate the force of the explosion, the two hurtled into the wall of the carriage in a tangle of limbs. They were slated towards the wall that had been torn down by the Pruning Corps’ break-in, and they were thrown out, just like that.

Squeezing tightly, with fingers as bare as a withered tree, the elderly man grabbed onto the dress of the beautiful girl and refused to let go.

Without separating from one another, their bodies were forcefully ejected out of the coupled dragon carriage――,

△▼△▼△▼△

――In that instant, a shockwave struck the countless Lamia Godwins that had appeared within the coupled dragon carriages, all of them.

Lamia: [――――]

The Lamias fighting Goz Ralfon, the Lamias fighting Garfiel Tinzel, the Lamias fighting Roswaal L. Mathers, the Lamias fighting Emilia, and the Lamias in the other parts of the dragon carriage were all affected by the shock simultaneously.

A Divine Protection was a blessing that could be bestowed upon lives born into this world; till this day, their true natures had yet to be elucidated, much still shrouded in mystery.

However, regarding Divine Protections, many held a single conviction that they understood from intuition.

That was, that Divine Protections affected the soul, the soul of those to whom they were granted, the soul of the those targeted.

Whether this was true or not had never been proven. However, this much could be said.

――Berstetz Fondalfon had been thrown out of the dragon carriage with one of the Lamia Godwins, and they had both been excluded from the effects of the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion at the same time.

And then, as one of the Lamia Godwins brought her sword down on Vincent Vollachia, with both Medium O’Connell and Jamal Aurélie failing to block the blow, it came to pass the very moment when tragedy was about to strike in front of Flop O’Connell and Katya Aurélie.

Lamia: [――Hk.]

As if having been struck by a gust of wind, the body of Lamia, who had raised up her Yang Sword, was pushed back.

At that moment, neither Lamia nor Medium nor did anyone else understand what had come to pass. However, the truth was that Vincent, who had been pulled down, extended his leg and kicked Lamia backward.

Then, behind Lamia, who had been punted away, the door connecting to the adjacent car was breached――,

Lamia: [――――]

A rainbow brilliance danced, and the Pruning Corps standing before the door were cut down.

Slipping past the light of that rainbow, three small silhouettes scrambled into the car.

One of them held up their hand, and a faint glow surrounded the three silhouettes, speeding them up as they rushed in. The one in the middle, who was holding hands with the previous silhouette, shouted out.

Boy: [――Lamia Godwin!]

With a raised voice, such was the shout of the black-haired boy who was holding hands with two girls on either side.

The girl in the dress had produced the glow, the young black-haired boy had called out that name, and the last one who had leapt in, with the hand opposite to the one that was linked with the boy, she reached out――,

Girl: [――E ea.][2]

――Retracting her hand after touching the back that she had leapt towards, she stripped the Poison Princess of her Name.

[1] Get it? Motorcade, dragoncade? Haha so punny.

[2] TL note: The vocalization here purposefully resembles the phrase “let’s eat”, which was spoken by Louis Arneb when utilizing her Authority.

--- Chapter 28: Siblings of the Empire ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

A premonition had emerged within him.

When the Stargazer Ubilk had named her the light that would save the Empire, he had racked his brains in earnestness and plunged into thinking.

Just how could she possibly become the nemesis to the resurrected dead.

Just what about her, was unalike other humans.

Being a kind girl. Being earnest. Being able to endure for someone. All of that was wonderful, but those conditions applied to others as well.

It was not that, but a specialty she alone was endowed with, and no others were――.

Subaru: [――The Authority of Gluttony.]

Even if she wished to part with her past of having been a Sin Archbishop, that cross shan’t ever let her loose.

Subaru had pledged to her, that he shan’t let her loose from bearing that cross.

She had pledged to Subaru, that she would not escape bearing that cross.

――Thus, therein lied hope.

Subaru: [I have, the Authority of Sloth and Greed.]

The abominable Witch Cult, the abhorrent Sin Archbishops.

Petelgeuse Romanée-Conti and Regulus Corneas, the Authorities they wielded were now, through many series of events, within the deepest depths of Subaru’s.

Why, had this happened. Repulsed as though they had passed the baton onto him, Subaru did not confront it with gravitas as befit. But, that was no longer possible for him.

For her, for Subaru who had chosen her, he must confront it.

And so――,

Subaru: [――If you are going to choose a life as Spica, not Louis Arneb, then you should be able to change even the way the Authority is used, just as I have.]

There were two sides to every coin, all tools depended on the way they were used. ――No, not just tools.

Whether a person became good, or was lacquered with evil. It was oneself who drew the final line. There existed circumstances where something of such sort eluded capability. But, she had been bestowed the opportunity to do such.

――Ley Batenkaitos of Gourmet.

――Roy Alphard of Bizarre Eating.

――Louis Arneb of Satiation.

Wielding the power they had been endowed with, ones who became sinners, never to be forgiven by the world.

Possessing the same power as them, an atoner who walked the path of indemnifying the world.

Subaru: [――Star Eating.] [1]

The inextricably intertwined siblings, who etched an antecedent of evil.

The atoner would eat anew their antecedent, the deeds of the sinners who inherited the names of stars.

The newborn girl who eclipsed stars, Spica of Star Eating.

Spica: [――E ea.]

Calling the Names of those resurrected in vessels concocted of earth, whose Memories were sealed within bugs, the Star Eating of the girl bestowed with the name of the Alpha Virginis, was activated with her protruding hand, with the touch of her fingers.

He knew of an empty place, white, where naught held meaning.

The place where the elements of all souls, be they beautiful or sullied, were scoured and born anew.

Eating their role, that of those who had been hauled down from that place.

Eating their fate, such that those souls could never again be food for another.

――Eating the deeds of the Sin Archbishops affixed with the names of stars, Star Eating came to materialize.

Spica: [――A ou o e ea.] [2]

△▼△▼△▼△

That instant, the Lamias were all engulfed by the wind, halting their movements.

Goz Ralfon, as he bore searing wounds all over his body, did not miss this fleeting opportunity.

Goz: [――Got you.]

In the midst of battle, he had been exposed to the threat of the encroaching Yang Sword from every direction; however, Goz had shed his flame-engulfed armor, enduring the onslaught.

As he skillfully handled each attack, Goz closed his eyes, his will to fight undiminished, devoting himself to the sounds around him.

Thanks to the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion, he could concentrate on the sounds of the Lamias he opposed. With more than twenty Lamias, and the sound between all of them remaining identical, Goz understood that he was facing a truly formidable foe.

But, for all the identical Lamias, their compatibility against Goz was the worst possible.

For some unknown reason, all the Lamias had collapsed simultaneously.

It must have been Vincent’s doing. The Vollachian Emperor, to whom Goz swore loyalty, had prepared a means to break the deadlock, even in such a situation. It was enough to bring Goz to the brink of tears.

Holding back his emotions, Goz raised his mace, and twisting the middle of its long handle, he disassembled it into the two parts of the striking head and the shaft. Using the shaft, he brandished the striking head with great force.

In an instant, the shockwave of sound that erupted crashed against only the collapsed Lamias.

Lamia: [――――]

The golden mace wielded by Goz, combining a long spear-like handle with a spherical striking head, was a masterpiece forged exclusively for his use.

Weighing as much as ten men with a single swing, when combined with Goz’s herculean strength and exceptional ears, it realized a technique unattainable for others―― Each and every living organism possessed vibrations unique to themselves, and the “howl”, which could strike one’s opponents with those same vibrations in the form of sound, had been attained by Goz.

Contrary to his bold and dauntless appearance, Goz Ralfon possessed ears that could distinguish even the nuances in the sounds of the wind, and he had the skill of a genius who could delicately perform with any and all musical instruments.

That deadly “howl” was precisely why Goz was known as the Lion Knight.

Once he had seized her unique vibrations in the heat of battle, Goz’s “howl” assailed Lamia―― No, it assailed all the Lamias, causing the cracks within each of them to grow, shattering the undead Princesses.

――Similar events had transpired in various carriages separate to Goz’s battlefield.

Deeming flames to be ineffective against the Yang Sword, and instead confronting Lamia and the Pruning Corps with blades of wind and landslides of earth, was Roswaal.

Using the immense strength from his beastification, his beastly claws ferociously tearing through Lamia, the Pruning Corps, and even the dragon carriage itself, was Garfiel.

Reinforcing the dragon carriages with ice as they were destroyed one after the other, slipping past the group of ice sculptures she had created to take on the Pruning Corps, and battling with the Lamias, was Emilia.

Everyone aboard the coupled dragon carriages did not overlook the moments of opportunity that had been created in an unexpected way.

They did not overlook the fleeting instance, believing that someone, even if they did not know who, would create such a moment.

With the radiant Yang Sword in hand, the Lamia Godwins, were shattered one after the other――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Hk.]

???: [Auu!!]

Clenching down on her molars, Lamia spun her body around, and slammed her long legs against the girl who had touched her back―― Spica. Receiving Lamia’s kick, Spica’s body was violently blown away. Subaru, who had been holding Spica’s hand, and Beatrice flew an excessive amount together.

There was a reason for that other than simply the strength of Lamia’s legs. Due to the effects of Beatrice’s Murak, the gravity applied to Subaru and the other two had decreased as much as possible, and they had become as light as ping-pong balls.

Subaru: [Gooo!]

???: [On it!]

Slipping under Subaru and the others who had been sent flying, Julius stepped towards Lamia.

Tearing through the dust of the Pruning Corps, which he had cut down, the thrust of the Knight’s sword, clad in rainbow as it was, was unleashed upon Lamia. Housing an aurora, Julius’s sword thrust even cut through the great shears of the powerful soldiers as if they were pudding.

However, the Yang Sword held by Lamia released a light and heat more intense than the brilliant rainbow of Julius’s sword, and halted the blow from the thrusting attack head-on.

As light erupted upon the clash of sword on sword, Julius and Lamia both repelled each other. Both parties counterattacked immediately, and the next sword fight―― did not begin.

Lamia: […Even in the Imperial Selection Ceremony, you never once did things by your own hand, now did you?]

???: [――Yes, that is correct.]

Loosening her lips, Lamia muttered those words like a sigh. Responding to that was Abel, who stood directly behind her.

In Abel’s hand was gripped a half-melted barbarian sword, and although the blade had become short and dull, it still was able to pierce through Lamia’s back.

Lamia: [At long last, you finally feel inclined to use your own hands to kill your blood-related sibling.]

An undead’s weak point was neither their heart, nor their cranium.

Operating within the vessels of earth, were the Corebugs discovered by Beatrice and Roswaal. As long as that remained intact, the activity of the undead would not come to a halt.

However, the Yang Sword, its red blade pointed to the floor, was dropped with a swaying motion. Before the tip of the falling Yang Sword could pierce the floor, it vanished as if it was swallowed by the air.

And the reason why Lamia had let it fall, was because the tips of her fingers had crumbled. She no longer was able to hold a sword.

Lamia: [――――]

Twisting her body, with the barbarian sword still skewered through her body, Lamia shook free from Abel’s hand.

Taking tottering steps, her dying body was such that it seemed like anybody could take a weapon and cause her to fully crumble to pieces with just a single strike. In fact, Jamal swung his melted twin swords around, displaying his intent to slash at her, but Abel held him back by reaching his arm out.

Then, gasping very feeble breaths, Lamia looked back at Abel, and,

Lamia: [It seems that neither father, nor Barthroy-niisama, have come back. After all, those two were satisfied.]

Vincent: [――Lamia.]

Those brief words left behind by Lamia had caused Abel’s sable eyes to waver.

Seeing that single reaction, Lamia narrowed her lifeless aurelian eyes, and her cracked face of pallid hue contorted into a smile. ――It was an awfully devilish smile.

Lamia: [――General First-Class Temeglyph!]

Immediately after, Lamia’s expression changed, and she called out a name with a shrill voice.

It was not a name that was known to Subaru, but for several of the people currently present, that name held immense significance.

Of course, that also went for the very person whose name was called out.

Julius: [Al Clauseria!]

With an instantaneous reaction, it was Julius who briskly painted an aurora of rainbow.

Springing the tip of his readied sword up, Julius borrowed the power of his Spirits and created a barrier of intense light. Thanks to Julius’s quick judgment, the lives of everyone in the carriage had been saved.

But at the same time, since the aurora, laid out in order to protect them, had hindered their mobilization, they were slow on the next move.

Responding to Lamia’s call, a bullet of light had come from the side of the coupled dragon carriages and perforated the wagon.

The bullet-like object had blown away the wall of the dragon carriage, and the aurora had prevented it from shooting out the people inside. However, a light orb that had not been stopped was able to tear off the roof, and it fully exposed the inside of the carriage.

Slicing through the air and approaching the exposed wagon, was one from the flock of undead flying dragons that had been deploying the Pruning Corps one after the other―― No, it was one that had mastered acrobatic flight to an extent utterly incomparable to that of the rest of them.

Clad in a fierce wind, that dark, undead flying dragon swooped down upon the dragon carriage, and snatched Lamia up.

Having dropped the Yang Sword, Lamia’s arm had already been reduced back to its shoulder, and she was swept up into the air; sat astride the undead flying dragon, the undead who had performed that act was――,

Julius: [――Balleroy-dono!?]

Vincent: [Balleroy…]

Flop: [Balleroy!?]

At that unexpected figure, several voices of astonishment were raised.

But, one among them was most potent with shock, and at the same time, it was the most heartbroken.

Medium: [Ballebro?]

Her blue eyes opened wide, Medium’s mutter was met with no response from the undead she had called out to.

Only, pulling the reins of the undead flying dragon he was mounted on, he immediately ascended with Lamia snatched in his arms. As the undead rode the undead flying dragon, it faced its head toward the rear of the dragon carriage, and flew in that opposite direction.

As much as the coupled dragon carriages ran, as much as the undead flying dragon flew, the distance between the two of them increased.

Medium: [BALLEBRO! BALLEBROOO――!!]

Losing control of herself and stretching out her arms, Medium tried to chase the silhouette that had immediately faded out of sight.

From behind, Flop jumped at his little sister and put a stop to her rash actions. The Pruning Corps yet remained in the coupled dragon carriages.

Pruning Corps: [Ohh, RAAAAHHHHHHH――!!]

Those who covered their faces with black helmets raised a deep roar, and fiercely raised their great shears overhead.

It was just as if their collective will was to try and fulfill their master’s escape.

In the past, at the time their master had been killed in the Imperial Selection Ceremony, that was something they had been unable to accomplish due to being defeated by the Blue Lightning; so now that they had been turned into undead, that was the dying wish they would attempt to fulfill.

???: [Everybody, don’t lose focus till it’s all over!]

Anastasia shouted a command, and Julius, being the first to receive that ardor, burst into action.

Those who could fight took up their weapons and clashed head-on with the Pruning Corps who had just raised their own spirits. Thus, the current clash annihilated them down to their very last soldier.

――But, having bought time until their master could make her escape, there was no doubt that the final moments of this raid by the Pruning Corps had certainly blossomed into a flower of success.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Around the same time when Balleroy Temeglyph had snatched up Lamia Godwin and flew away.

Far, far away, collapsed on the tracks left behind by the speeding coupled dragon carriages, the old man covered his face with his hands.

His entire body creaked in pain, and his hideously burnt legs impudently cried out. Yet, neither the pain nor his inflamed wounds were things the old man had desired.

Pain and wounds and the like, he gave not the slightest care. ――Why, why had he failed to die yet again?

???: [You were given an opportunity.]

To the old man who was lying on his back, cursing his own disgraceful self, she said so.

She was not in human form. But, her supple yet strong beastly appearance epitomized what the humans of the Vollachian Empire deemed to be superior and beautiful.

Acting with the forces that were left behind at the rear of the dragon carriage, chasing after the coupled dragon carriages in order to deliver a message, she had certainly witnessed the figure of the old man leaping out with the flames of the Meteor.

And, just before the old man was about to slam against the ground, she had snatched him away from death.

Man: [By opportunity, you mean…?]

Woman: [When you were thrown out of the dragon carriage, I could not have made it to you in time with these legs of mine. But, the undead that flew out with you sent you flying.]

Man: [――――]

Woman: [In that brief bit of time, my legs were able to make it. That is all I am able to say.]

Shaking her head slowly, the beautiful, golden-furred leopard informed the old man.

He understood what she had said, along with the intentions behind it. However, he did not know the absolute truth.

Perhaps that person had merely pushed the old man who had jumped at her aside, finding him bothersome. She was a person whose true intentions he was not able to understand in the slightest.

Thus, him having no idea about what someone else was thinking, was something that applied to every member of the Vollachian Imperial Family.

???: [――So, you were capable of making such a frustrated face.]

Man: [――Hk]

Recalling her surprised expression when she had said that, the old man’s throat clogged up on something.

Just what that was, even the old man did not know. He just had this, only this one thought.

Man: [If you even went as far as to kill your younger sister… to kill Her Excellency Lamia, in order to obtain this Empire, then take responsibility…! Fulfill your duty as Emperor… Hk!]

Was he perhaps a sheep or a goat that had disguised even his own fur, merely feigning as a Sword Wolf? The old man, who was simultaneously none of these things, and still somewhat all of them, wrung his voice out.

Those were his own true feelings that lay deep within his eyes, narrowed to the thinness of threads.

The old man―― The Imperial Prime Minister, Berstetz Fondalfon, reflected upon the shame of his life, and wrung it out as words.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Crystal Palace, often appraised as the world’s most beautiful castle, had undergone a major change to its state of affairs.

The undead roamed freely within its walls, and the wounds from the recent conflict that was centered in the Imperial Capital had not healed in the slightest; remaining there was only death and destruction, without the counterparts of life and restoration.

For this reason, the Crystal Palace had lost its original beauty and had become a dreadful realm of rampant repulsiveness.

However――,

???: [――――]

Quietly opening the eyelids that contained those crimson eyes, was a being who, even in this realm of suffering, had not lost their beauty.

Her long orange hair was unraveled and frayed, her luxurious blood-red dress was torn all over, her snow-white skin was marred by dust and grime, but none of it tarnished her allure in the slightest.

For those who were truly beautiful possessed traits that had no need for any superficial adornment.

But then again――,

Woman: [Compared to your current appearance, even frayed hair and torn clothing appear as excellent as gold.]

???: […That is something that you would say, Prisca.]

At the sickly-sweet tone of voice that called her by her old name, Priscilla Barielle narrowed her eyes.

Her arms were raised overhead, restrained by special chains, and her appearance was that of a prisoner of war being forced to stand. Despite this, there was not the slightest hint of vulnerability in Priscilla’s eyes or demeanor.

After all, no matter where she was restrained and made to stand, there was not a single reason for her to yield.

Priscilla, who had been locked in the dungeon of the Crystal Palace in the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, was skeptical of the one who had expressly come to visit her―― the now-undead Lamia Godwin.

She appeared to be of the same age as when she had died nine years ago, and while she possessed the skin and eyes that were characteristic of the undead, her alluring presence that had earned her the name of the Poison Princess was very much intact.

With her dress in tatters and half her body destroyed, she was now but a mere shadow of her former self.

Since she was an undead, she should have been able to restore the parts that had crumbled. Even if that was not the case, she could easily just transfer herself to a new earthen vessel. Having observed the undead and made those inferences, Priscilla then understood.

She grasped why Lamia, who despised unsightliness and disgracefulness to the extreme, had appeared before her in such a sorry state.

Priscilla: [What, are you going to die yet again, Lamia?]

Lamia: [My, that is quite the way to speak to your elder sister. But, indeed. After all, my connection to the empty box has been severed… No, it is more like the connection has been eaten.]

Priscilla: [――――]

Lamia: [Ah yes, listen to this, Prisca. Vincent-niisama did this to me with his own hands. This is something he has never done for you, whom he holds so dear, right?]

Lamia placed her hand, still intact though about to crumble, over her mouth and laughed.

Whether or not that was something that merited boasting was a matter of one’s own sense of values, but Priscilla just sniffed quietly. At her reaction, Lamia narrowed her aurelian eyes and said,

Lamia: [Truly, it has been quite dull. Apart from you and Vincent-niisama, there exists nobody else capable of holding a proper conversation with me.]

Priscilla: [Albeit, the number of proper conversations between you and mineself had could be counted on one’s fingers.]

Lamia: [It is not a matter of quantity. Foolish little sister.]

With that murmur from Lamia, the hand she had placed over her mouth crumbled and vanished.

Slowly, Lamia was losing what was left of her form. Since she stood directly before her, the sight filled Priscilla’s vision whether she wanted to see it or not.

However, Priscilla did not shut her eyelids. Those crimson eyes, trained their gaze on Lamia.

And, with that gaze trained upon her,

Priscilla: [If your role has concluded, swiftly make your exit, Lamia. ――Once more, mineself shall attend your deathbed.]

At Priscilla’s words, Lamia raised her eyebrows slightly.

Then, with a smile akin to sweet, sweet poison,

Lamia: [Such an unlovable little sister.]

As far as Priscilla could remember, those were the exact same words and smile as her final moments from the time she was alive.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [For a final convo between fellow sisters, was that enough to satisfy ya?]

To Priscilla, who had just witnessed the end of Lamia, the lighthearted voice of a man called out from somewhere.

Turning her face in the direction of the faint footsteps, she met eyes with the undead who had descended the dungeon staircase, wearing a dauntless expression. Golden brilliance looming within black, he possessed eyes shared by all undead.

However, just like Lamia, the atmosphere he exuded set him apart from the other undead of poor craftsmanship.

Priscilla: [So it was you? That is, the one who brought Lamia back to the palace.]

???: [She sure was a tough cookie, now wasn’t she? With her body in such a state, she came down to the basement all on her own. As expected of a noble Vollachian Princess… as an Imperial Citizen myself, it makes me rather proud.]

Priscilla: [For a rebel who turned his fangs on the Emperor, those words are plenty shameless.]

???: [I ain’t got any ground to stand on if ya say that to me, but… If it’s in the sense of being a rogue to the Empire, there ain’t much of a difference between myself and M’lady.]

With such a manner of speaking, the standing figure stepped forth out of the darkness.

The person’s form clearly entering her vision, Priscilla confirmed the guess she had made based on voice alone. The name of this undead was Balleroy Temeglyph, a former member of the Empire’s Nine Divine Generals.

And in the past, he had been an acquaintance of Priscilla’s during the times when she had still been in the Empire. That was when Priscilla had been the wife of an Imperial Mid Count, her first husband.

Nonetheless, this was not a case of the living and the dead renewing an old friendship from bygone days.

Priscilla: [What business have you? ‘Tis impossible to think your foolish question earlier was the whole purpose.]

Balleroy: [Of course, ascertaining the last moments of Her Excellency Lamia was part of my job… But, I’ve also brought a meal for M’lady.]

While saying that, Balleroy raised a silver platter that he had been hiding behind his back.

With a similar silver lid resting on top, it adhered to the formalities one would see in a restaurant, but as Priscilla narrowed her crimson eyes,

Priscilla: [Needless.]

Balleroy: [Well now, that goes without saying. After all, we’re all dead, right? Since we ain’t got the need for food, it’s unthinkable that we’d have food for living people like you M’lady. If I didn’t bring anything, a rare beauty woulda been ruined.]

The color of his skin bereft of life, Balleroy smiled as he lifted the lid off the meal.

Then, warm steam and aroma diffused, and Priscilla closed one eye at the dish before her.

For something made by an undead, it appeared to be rather respectable cooking.

Balleroy: [Unfortunately, I couldn’t sample it since my sense of taste is gone, but I’ve got experience with cooking, so I don’t think it’ll taste bad. Uh-oh, please forgive me for giving ya the cuisine of commoners.]

Priscilla: [――――]

As Priscilla remained silent, Balleroy took the fork that was on the platter and used it to stab the food; then, he brought it towards her mouth.

Priscilla’s arms were bound to the ceiling. She knew she had no choice but to do that, but.

Priscilla: [I shall lop off your head with my own hands.]

Calmly announcing that, Priscilla ingested the food presented to her.

It was not bad. But, it was cheap. Even when using ingredients from inside the Palace, if the skills and conceptions of the chef were cheap, the finished product could not be designated as high quality.

At Priscilla’s silent pressure, Balleroy gave a wry smile with the face of an undead. Within that smile, Priscilla caught a glimpse of something other than what was being directed towards herself,

Balleroy: [Nah, this just reminded me ‘bout how there was a time in the past when I fed a young lass like this, since she was locked up as punishment for causing mischief.]

Sensing a change in atmosphere, Balleroy divulged the true meaning behind his wry smile.

While sensing displeasure in his answer, Priscilla voiced a “Wipe” to have him wipe her mouth, and then,

Priscilla: [For what reason are you lot destroying the Empire? In resurrection, what is it you desire?]

Balleroy: [――It ain’t my place to give an answer for the former. But, the latter is quite simple.]

Upon receiving that question, his wry smile from just before and his light-hearted tone both disappearing, Balleroy responded.

In response to the change in atmosphere surrounding Balleroy, Priscilla became alert once again. Inside of him―― No, it had been in Lamia too, was that definite indignation.

Without betraying Priscilla’s impression――,

Balleroy: [The desires of the dead have been fixed since the dawn of time, it’s to clear up any remaining grudges or pent-up resentment.]

Indeed, revealing the heartfelt desires of the undead, Balleroy Temeglyph spilled those words in a voice of lifeless laughter.

△▼△▼△▼△

Man: [Did I… get killed? Fucking hell!]

Kicking off the wet road with a splash, he turned the corner ahead of him with vigor. That instant, his hips slammed against the wooden crate directly in front of him, and he forcefully tumbled over as he screamed an “Ugh”.

Inside the helmet as it crashed against the wet stone pavement, pain flashed through his forehead, and he saw a spark in his vision. But, as a halo of birds spun above his head, this was not a situation in which he could afford to collapse.

Placing his right hand on the ground, he had no choice but to hurry and get back up.

If he did not do so, the man would come. ――Garbed in black, the one who wished to observe him, the one known as Viva the Dissector, would come.

Man: [If I don’t, he’ll make my organs spill out again…]

???: [I have already come, got it? ]

Man: [――Hk.]

Feeling a chill in his lungs, he drew the dao from the back of his waist in the blink of an eye. Lacking any technique or form, he swung it around in order to hit his opponent through brute-force sweeps, no matter where he may be.

However, though it ought to have landed a hit no matter where the opponent was, the dao missed; instead, a scorching pain passed through his armpit, and the dao slipped right out of his hand.

Man: [Gah… hk.]

Viva: [Resistance is futile, got it? Even in the best of circumstances, the conditions you meet differ from those of the others, got it? If you shed blood in futility, unable to conform to the Emperor’s desires, you will be of no value, got it? ]

Constricting the arm where the blood was spurting out of his armpit, he struggled in vain trying to reduce the amount of blood he was losing. He would have wanted to support the open wound with his opposite hand if possible, but it had already been too long since he said goodbye to that arm for such a wish to be granted.

Behind him as he let out cries of pain, dual-wielding curved-edge knives and concealing his mouth with a black cloth, a blue-haired undead turned to face him.

The pair of golden eyes glared at him, intently observing him as he shed blood.

That his opponent enjoyed gradually torturing people to death, was not the case. As long as he believed what Viva had said several dozens of times up till now, his opponent’s aim was experimentation.

Using the body of a living person, it seemed there were things he wished to ascertain. Likely, that was something he had been doing over and over since the time he had been alive, which was why his alias was the “Dissector”.

Man: [So neither can I fight, nor can I escape… I wanna move on to the next one, so could you just make it painless?]

Viva: [To make it “painless” would be illogical, got it? It is not as though I wish to torment you, there are merely things I wish to ascertain, got it? ]

Man: [As I thought~… So be it.]

Giving up all hope that he could reason with his opponent, he shifted his gaze towards his fallen dao. Fortunately, it was not lying very far from him, and it seemed like he would be able to jump to it.

The problem would be whether he would be successful in cutting off his own head or not. If he failed, the suffering would be hopelessly prolonged. ――This was no time to hesitate.

Man: [――Hk!]

A judgment was made in one second, a resolve was settled in one second; not even one second was needed for him to burst into action. Before the Dissector could commence his malevolent deeds, the man immediately dived towards the dao without warning.

Viva’s response to that act was a move too slow, and in that opening he would use the blade of the dao to slice through his own neck――,

???: [No no, isn’t it a little too soon to abandon this life and move onto the hereafter?]

Man: [Ah!?]

As he tried to slice with the dao, something was pinning the blade down against the ground. From what he could see, what had done that was a small leg, and continuing upward, was a slender waist, and a crazy smile.

Standing on the dao with one leg, was the reckless act of a child wearing a wafuu -style outfit.

Viva: [A child, this is yet another undesired condition, got it? ]

Upon the entry of that child, Viva spun the two knives in his hands and, without a shred of hesitation, attempted to drive the same attack that had gouged the man’s armpit into the vitals of the child.

It was the most horrible routine of rendering the arms and legs useless, then proceeding to perform an inspection on the internal organs.

Seeing those blades close in on him, the child raised an eyebrow and,

Child: [Hoho! To completely ignore the sudden pretensions of an intruder, I must say bravo! Although…]

Viva: [――Hk!?]

In the subsequent instant, Viva’s head, his eyes wide open, came flying off from his torso.

The child had kicked the hand gripping the knife Viva had tried to swing, and as that arm shattered, it was instead Viva’s own head that had been severed off by his own knife.

And then, the child nimbly switched the foot he had standing on the dao, and his next kick perforated what remained of Viva’s torso, and the body of the undead, on which Dissection would not be required, was pulverized to smithereens.

Child: [Unfortunately, co-starring with a villain of poor tastes such as yourself is NG !]

In contrast to the death battle he was taking part in, the child declared so in a frivolous tone.

On the opposite side of that remark, the head of Viva, whose body had been destroyed, gave an astonished expression as it crumbled to dust, engulfed by the winds of the Imperial Capital.

The man could do nothing but watch with a dumbfounded look on his face in his collapsed state, and still with one leg raised, the child turned to face him,

Child: [Pardon me for standing on top of your sword. You see, the floor is wet right? It would be really uncomfortable for me if my zori got wet. So that’s why I’m acting like this!]

Man: [Ah, I don’t really mind that though…]

Looking up at the dimwitted pose of the child with one leg raised, he got himself up from his collapsed position and plopped himself down into sitting cross-legged. Just as the child said, it was unpleasant for his butt to get wet, but he was already in a state where it was too late for that, no matter what he did.

Man: [More importantly, I wanna ask someone to lend me a hand for things that aren’t too late yet. Could I count on you to help me out?]

Child: [Ah, having only one arm would certainly be an inconvenience. That considerably striking form is exceedingly favorable for me so it would be a waste if we parted here! That shall do fine!]

Giving an indifferent smile, the child vigorously added, “However!”, and pointed at the roof of the building directly next to them,

Child: [As I have informed you, I don’t want to get my zori wet! So let’s move to higher ground first. Until then, please take care not to lose blood, Mister Helmet!]

Man: […My name is Al, you yancha boy .] [3]

Child: [Hahahaha! Yancha boy ! The way you speak is kinda similar to the Boss ‘s!]

As the child roared with laughter, the man, still constricting his armpit―― Al, gave a long sigh.

The child was clearly not an ordinary person, but Al could keenly feel the influence of a certain someone who knew many of the words that the boy was spewing out.

Whether this encounter would turn out to be a good thing or a bad thing, either way――,

Al: [Wait for me, Priscilla… I, no matter what, will definitely save you.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Strength no longer remaining in its three heads, the colossal body finally lay limp on the ground.

With wings torn asunder, and many ninja tools piercing its body, even when most of what could be said to be vital points were pierced and destroyed, it was difficult to tell just which had been the fatal strike.

If there was just one thing he could say――,

???: [This won’t do, I ain’t good against “ zombies ” that ain’t human, that’s for darn sure.]

Waving his sleeves about, Halibel muttered as he watched the Three-Headed Dragon turn to dust in its entirety.

The three additional bodies that had split off from himself also disappeared, and he took a lengthy breath from the exhaustion. As expected, fighting against an opponent on the level of a Dragon took a whole lot of effort.

If possible, he never wanted to be put on monster extermination duty again.

Halibel: [Tho’ that may be so, lil’ Ana ‘n the rest of ‘em said somethin’ like the same girl could keep becomin’ a zombie .]

If that was true, it was also quite possible that the Three-Headed he had just defeated would reappear.

Next time, Halibel would probably win again, but he was unsure if they would be in an environment where people nearby would not get dragged into the fight. Moreover, he would feel uneasy as a hired guard if his hands were busy during that occasion. Julius was also quite competent by Anastasia’s side, but――,

Halibel: [Seems like he ain’t up ta my level.]

Cracking the joints in his neck, he set fire to the kiseru which he had not smoked during the battle, and inhaled its fumes.

From there, after ascertaining that the Three-Headed’s body had fully disappeared, he turned around in search of the coupled dragon carriages, which had left him behind as they ran far, far away into the distance.

And then――,

Halibel: [Golly, after workin’ so dang hard, I kinda want some candy… Ah, oops, I’d die if I were ta eat candy.]

While grumbling those words, he began to chase after the tracks left behind by the dragon carriages as they continued into the distance.

Translation Notes:

[1] – Spica’s title of “Star Eating” (星食) can be interpreted as both a title and ability. The title would be in line with that of the three Sin Archbishops of Gluttony, being Gourmet, Bizzare Eating, and Satiation; the ability would be something like “Astral Eclipse”, in line with the Gluttony Abilities of “Solar Eclipse” and “Lunar Eclipse”. This is because 食 can mean both “eating” and “eclipsing”.

[2] – Spica’s vocalisations here purposefully resemble the phrases “let’s eat” and “thank you for the treat”, which were spoken by Louis Arneb when utilising her Authority.

[3] – Yancha is a Japanese word that means “naughty” or “mischievous”

--- Chapter 29: Did Not Want to Love ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Translation Note – The title for this chapter (愛たくなかった) has a double meaning. The way it is written uses the kanji for love, meaning “I did not want to love”, but the conjugation makes it read as “Aitakunakatta” which would have the meaning of “Did not want to meet”.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Standing atop a hill, the man gazed out toward the distant horizon.

The sun had already long since set, and the poor village, lacking in light sources, was no match for the dead of night.

All the more so, with many of the male laborers injured and with fewer bonfires than usual, the sight of a man standing in the darkness seemed very strange to the girl’s eyes.

Bandits had been raiding villages in the vicinity, and her hometown had borne the brunt of the raids, having just suffered major losses such as livestock, food, and the men becoming injured.

But even so, it was a silver lining of a dark cloud that the village had not perished, and the person atop the hill could also be said to be one part of that good fortune.

When the bandits had attacked the village, the men who resisted had been killed or wounded, the women and children had been captured one after another.

As the girl was facing the possibility of being sold, or of going through something even worse, appearing there were soldiers who had been dispatched from the Capital, including the man atop the hill.

They had surrounded the bandits in the blink of an eye, and annihilated them with little resistance.

Afterward, they were stationed near the village to help protect and rebuild it, responding rapidly, and the village obtained a sturdier fence than it had before it had fallen victim to the bandits.

If the injuries of the men healed, the village would be secure for the time being.

Like the grown-up women, the young girl was busy bustling about, tending to the wounded, serving food to the soldiers, and taking care of the village’s children.

On her way home, after she had finished working, she spotted the man atop the hill.

Man: [――――]

The sight of the man, silent, staring into the darkness of night, could be described as comical.

Deeds akin to staring into the darkness, where there was likely nothing to be seen, were the height of futility. The value of acts that did not lead to results was not recognized; such was the harsh way of the Empire.

However, the man did not look comical to the eyes of the young girl.

The man looked into the distance with undivided attention, as if he were trying to ascertain something that the others could not see.

And, what happened next was because she was irresistibly curious about what exactly he was trying to see.

Girl: [Would it not be more comforting to count the stars in the sky than to look out into the darkness?]

The next thing she knew, she had called out to the man’s back.

The man turned around with a slight surprise in his eyes, which made her somewhat proud.

――This encounter between a girl and a king would become a fairy tale that would go on to be recounted for a very, very long time.

△▼△▼△▼△

――That reunion was something that could not have been foreseen.

Perhaps it ought to be called a cruel twist of fate, or a strange stroke of chance.

In the midst of the unprecedented peril that had befallen the Vollachian Empire, the full face of the Great Disaster had become known by almost everyone simultaneously.

The march of the undead, risen from the grave, had plunged all the living into the midst of mayhem.

However, there were those who experienced that inevitable plunge into mayhem and managed to crawl out of it.

Regardless of the physical degree of strength, they could rise as beings of immense mental and spiritual strength―― In the eyes of mediocre and ordinary people, they were perceived as heroes and exceptional beings. Often, such formidable individuals were also physically strong, but their actions significantly influenced the fate of the Imperial Capital either way.

The horrid surprise attack on the living, the strike of the Great Disaster, had resulted in casualties below what was initially expected.

But, that did not mean it was the best outcome, even if it signified the valiant efforts of the living.

That was because, at the outset of the initial mayhem, individuals who should have rightfully been counted among the exceptionals were engulfed by the initial ambush much quicker than they could rise above it.

???: [――Ngh.]

A faint breath escaped from their lips, and consciousness gently drifted towards awakening.

The eyelids, framed by long lashes, quivered, like the sun that fears the dawn, the eyes slowly began to reflect the world; once, twice, the blue eyes blinked―― in an instant, the ephemeral dream burst, and consciousness firmly settled into reality.

???: [――Hk]

Hastily sitting up on the spot, the sight that was reflected in those eyes was an unfamiliar place.

The room had a high ceiling, and both the materials of the walls and floors, along with the craftsmanship, were top-notch. Fine furnishings adorned the luxurious room, giving it an easily recognizable air of nobility.

The fact that they were lying on a soft bed in this spacious room only added to their realization, and the realization itself was peculiar.

It was a fact that, when compared with the memories that immediately preceded it, this was extremely unnatural.

???: [I, should have been participating in the…]

Battle for the Imperial Capital , they reflected upon themselves that way.

Instantly, they recalled a world where both heaven and earth were painted with crimson, along with the memory of working hard together with their miraculously reunited daughter to try and comfort a weeping child.

Quite literally, it was a situation in which their hands were burning, but the attempt itself should have been successful. [1]

However, they had found themself in such a place. It was far too incomprehensible――,

???: [――My kimono …]

After thinking that far, they belatedly noticed the unfamiliar sensation of the touch of their own hand resting on their chest.

Looking down at their own body in the bed, the attire adorning their limbs was not their familiar kimono , but a blue dress made with fabric of the highest quality, which also exuded an air of luxury.

Their tied up hair was now undone, and it seemed that both their hair ornaments and earrings had been removed.

All of those items were irreplaceable to themself, things that they would have never parted ways with, even while unconscious――,

???: [――Hast thou awoken, O Star of Mine?]

Just as they were about to leave the bed in search of their lost ornaments, they heard that voice.

???: [――Ah.]

The voice, which unexpectedly struck their eardrums, stole every bit of their brain’s activity without exaggeration.

The voice was uttered from the entrance of the room, which was adorned with elegant and dazzling furnishings that were captivating enough to seize one’s gaze. However, none of that entered their vision whatsoever.

As if their ears had been ensnared, as if their heart had been ensnared, their consciousness was drawn in that direction.

For them―― For Yorna Mishigure, that was unavoidable.

Yorna: [――――]

With eyes wide-open, Yorna, still on the bed, was fixated on the figure standing at the entrance.

There stood a petite figure. They were significantly shorter than Yorna, who was already tall for a woman, and their slender frame gave the impression of a child. However, he was a handsome man with sharp facial features.

His hair, a shade of green that neared black, reached down to his shoulders, and the unhealthy deep shades around his eyes that suggested displeasure seemed to vividly reflect his unfriendly personality.

However, Yorna knew that in reality, it was just that people feared him, and he did not try to keep people at a distance. ――In fact, he had not tried to distance himself from her.

Even when she had been facing her final moments, he had sincerely refused to distance himself.

So, right now, Yorna knew that was why she was here.

Because she knew――,

Yorna: […Your Excellency, is it?]

Man: [A strange manner of speaking. But I shall allow it. All that is concerned with thy soul, I shall allow.] [2]

Harboring a thought utterly unbelievable, Yorna posed a question, and that man of small build answered so.

Terribly blunt, cold, and pregnant with melancholic weight, for such a short declaration, that voice was packed with so much emotion that it seemed like it would burst apart.

That was the excess of obsession present within himself, and the source of that obsession was love.

The man before her eyes, was in love with Yorna Mishigure.

That was not understood because he possessed a special power as a result of being “loved” by Yorna, but rather, it was a powerful emotion so abundantly clear that it would be immediately obvious to anyone else if they were present in the room.

But then again, it was absolutely impossible for any other person to be present here.

After all, this was――,

Man: [A tryst after a period of near three-hundred years. None shall pose a hindrance to mineself and thee.]

Yorna: [――――]

Man: [Show me thy face. Even if thy form is altered, I wish to behold a glimpse of thee from close by.]

As the man slowly approached her as he spoke those words, Yorna’s heart trembled.

Just what sort of emotion that was the result of, she herself could not clearly tell. Of course, there was joy in this impossible reunion, and it made her feel the urge to jump into his chest.

However, at the same time, there were three-hundred years worth of reasons why she should not do such a thing. The most recent decades, for the moment, were the biggest reason why Yorna did not act so impulsively.

Hence, Yorna harbored conflicting emotions concerning the man approaching her, and her lips quivered――,

Yorna: [――Your Excellency Eugard Vollachia.]

At her call, the man halted his step, and Yorna tightly shut her lips.

Since he halted his step upon being called so, then she had not mistaken him. There was no way that she could mistake him in the first place. Even if anyone else were to mistake him for another person, only for Yorna was it impossible to ever mistake him.

Only for Yorna―― No, only for this soul that started out as a girl named Iris, was it utterly impossible to mistake the one known as the King of Thorns, Eugard.

――Iris and the King of Thorns.

It was a fairy tale recited in this world since long ago, and simultaneously it was an old story of historical fact.

A story known for the meeting and separation of the girl known as Iris and the Vollachian Emperor known as the King of Thorns, as well as the tragic conclusion depicted therein.

Iris’s soul did not ascend to heaven, and instead it was fettered to the vast lands of the Empire, resulting in the existence of Yorna Mishigure after reincarnating many times. And, the one who had fettered Iris’s soul to the vast lands of the Empire, was none other than the King of Thorns, Eugard Vollachia.

In other words, this was an unwritten epilogue to the story of “Iris and the King of Thorns”――,

Yorna: [That, could never be such a beautiful tale.]

Slowly shaking her head, Yorna suppressed the urges she felt in her heart.

A reunion with Eugard after an undesired parting, one could say that such a thing had been Yorna’s dearest wish. In that sense, one could also probably say that this was the very moment that her dearest wish had been granted.

However, that would be incorrect. The reunion Yorna had envisioned did not take this form.

Yorna: [I did not wish to see you with such a face and eyes, Your Excellency.]

As it seemed the malicious nature of fate was ridiculing her, Yorna looked to Eugard while bearing a sorrowful ire.

Having halted his step, Yorna’s beloved Emperor received her gaze―― He, with pallid skin and golden irises, had been completely altered from the form which Yorna knew.

She did not know what had happened to him, exactly.

But, she was confident that Eugard’s form was unusual, and that it would definitely not bestow any positive influence upon her or her beloved children.

With a completely altered form, Eugard had achieved an impossible resurrection―― If by some chance this unfamiliar place she had awoken in was a room of the Crystal Palace, the worst possibility passed through her mind.

The possibility that some sort of absurd situation had occurred, and the state of the Empire had changed.

Yorna: [Your Excellency, my lord, just what in the world has happened for you to…?]

There were as many stories to be exchanged as there were tears to be shed.

Yet, Yorna tried to shake those feelings off, attempting to ask what needed to be asked.

However――,

Eugard: [――O Star of Mine.]

Yorna’s intended question was silenced by Eugard’s simple gesture of raising a finger.

It was not the gesture itself that sealed Yorna’s lips. Along with it came a sharp pain that constricted her heart, compelling her silence.

Yorna: [Kah, ugh…]

The sharp pain pierced her heart, and instead of a question, a moan spilled from Yorna’s throat.

Yorna reflexively clutched at her chest, and a glance revealed a design on her dress that had not been there before―― Thorns of ashen hue had been added.

These thorns spiraled around the center of her chest, slipping through her pale skin and reaching inward.

They thrust their spikes into Yorna’s heart, causing a tremendous pain that overwhelmed her entire body. Trying to touch them was futile; they would slip through Yorna’s fingers, remaining intangible.

As her thoughts were clouded with pain, what flashed through Yorna’s mind was Eugard’s alias―― Successive Vollachian Emperors had been addressed by various names based on their governing style and the conquests they had achieved, but the title for Eugard was “Emperor of the Briar”. [3]

Quite literally, Eugard had the power to bind and subjugate others with the pain of thorns.

After all, Eugard subjugated his imperial subjects with untouchable thorns he had planted; the Great Emperor who used pain and fear to expand the Empire’s territories into what they currently were.

Tormented by unbearable pain, Yorna’s throat quivered as she gasped for breath.

And then she remembered. ――In the midst of that battle concerning the Imperial Capital, after she and Priscilla had subdued the crying and raging Arakiya, just what kind of defeat had she suffered?

It was nothing at all.

Enthralled by the sudden appearance of Eugard, Yorna was unable to avoid the binding of the thorns. And then, holding both the bound Yorna and the unconscious Arakiya, Priscilla had found herself facing off against Eugard, and the many beings with golden eyes behind him――,

Yorna: [――Prisca, is she safe?]

This question was posed amidst sharp, intense pain.

The fact that her lips, which had previously only let out moans enduring the pain, could form a coherent question was purely because her feelings surpassed her suffering.

In truth, the pain she felt had not wavered in the slightest.

Eugard did not loosen the binding of thorns. Whether the victim was Yorna or anyone else, it mattered not. To begin with, Eugard’s actions were not aimed at venting anger or chastisement.

For Eugard, planting thorns and binding others were acts as natural as breathing.

Just as people would amble on two feet, Eugard bound others with thorns.

The cries and the blood that flowed from those pierced deeply by these spikes were nothing more than means for him to interact with others.

Therefore, being with him meant being together with this pain.

Recalling this through personal experience, a faint smile played on Yorna’s lips as she posed her question.

Yorna: [The two who were with me at that place, are they safe?]

Eugard: [If thou were with them, they did not catch mine eye. What falls within mine sight, O Star of Mine, is naught but thee.]

Yorna: [Is that so…]

Eugard’s response to her repeated inquiry was not what she had desired.

But, hearing the tone of Yorna’s voice worsen by this, Eugard narrowed his eyes, as if contemplating something,

Eugard: […However, the Witch hath brought some living beings into the castle. Perhaps those of whom thou spoke are amongst them.]

At Eugard’s addition, Yorna drew a sharp breath.

Distinct from the indigo eyes in her memories, Eugard had a golden radiance housed within his black eyeballs, but the gentle gaze he gave Yorna and his tactless consideration seemed unchanged from his original self.

Feeling a pain, one separate from the thorns, squeezing her heart,

Yorna: [If that is the case, Your Excellency, I have a request.]

Eugard: [A request?]

Yorna: [――. That, a Witch was it? The ones whom the Witch brought in, I wish to ascertain if they are my companions.]

Prisca and Arakiya, she wanted to ascertain if those two were safe.

For Yorna, who did not fully understand the current situation, the highest priority at the moment was the well-being of those two.

If that were to be granted――,

Eugard: [――Wilt thou give up on death, O Star of Mine?]

The words uttered by Eugard, pierced Yorna’s chest once more with a different sort of pain.

Yorna: [――――]

As Yorna raised her face without releasing any vocalization, Eugard looked down on her.

Hearing Eugard’s words, Yorna was unable to say anything at once. There was no way she could say something like “What nonsense”. That had unmistakably pierced Yorna’s true motives.

Her soul fettered to the vast lands of the Empire, she had been resurrected with a new name in a different body each time she died. ――Repeating that over and over, Yorna, Iris, had harbored a desire.

Eugard Vollachia had seen right through that.

Yorna: […Blood is something that cannot be disputed.]

And that very same thing, had also been seen through by Vincent Vollachia.

For that reason Yorna had chosen to join forces with Vincent, and to throw herself into the battle to recover the Imperial Capital from traitors. Of course, the collapse of the Demon City played an important role, but Yorna thought it dishonest of herself when she was lost on where her intent truly lay.

That was why Yorna nodded at Eugard’s question.

Yorna: [If it saves the lives of those children, then my death is but a trifling matter.]

Eugard: [That shall do fine. I shall grant thy request, O Star of Mine.]

As Yorna smiled through the pain, Eugard nodded with no change in his expression.

Then, he resumed his halted step, came right before Yorna’s eyes, and gently touched Yorna’s cheek with his outstretched hand.

Contrary to that affectionate hand motion, his fingers were cold, and in proportion to the distance he had closed, the spikes of the thorns pierced her more deeply.

Eugard: [Wait for a brief moment.]

In both heart and body, Yorna felt a piercing pain; letting go of her, Eugard left those words behind as he turned his back to her.

As always, he was quick to decide on his actions.

While bearing such deep emotions, Yorna issued a question to the back heading for the door of the room.

Yorna: [What happened to the kimono I was originally wearing, as well as my hair and ear ornaments?]

Eugard: [They were not to mine liking. But, they were articles which hadst adorned thee. I have set them aside.]

Speaking thus, Eugard gestured to a shelf beside the bed, and concluded his reply to Yorna without wasting any more words.

Proceeding to exit the room, that candidness of Eugard was undoubtedly that of the man which Yorna knew. During his lifetime, he had always lived fast and recklessly, as if he had always been pressed for time.

Wanting to tell him that there was no need to rush, Iris once lined up next to him――.

Yorna: […Just like a helpless little girl.]

Loosely shaking her head, Yorna slipped out from the bed, and reached for the shelf.

Opening the drawer, Yorna’s kimono and obi were carefully folded, and there was also a pouch that contained her hair ornaments and earrings, making her let out a sigh of relief.

Perhaps because that sense of relief was too great――,

Yorna: [――Ah.]

An unusually feeble sound leaked from her throat, and at the same time a heat ran through her cheeks.

Yorna: [Kuh.]

Her body bending forward, Yorna tightly clenched her teeth and choked back a sob.

She could not allow the likes of tears to flow. That was a curse that would revert the firmly constructed Flamboyant, the Mistress of the Demon City known as Yorna Mishigure, into the mere village girl, Iris.

To return to being Iris would mean narrowing her focus down to only just one person whom she loved.

In these three-hundred years up until now, she had been someone’s child, someone’s parent, someone’s wife; to return to being Iris would mean to pretend that all those days gone by had never even happened.

Yorna: [Why, Your Excellency… Why now?]

Prisca, the residents of the Demon City, many of the people living in this Empire; she wanted to remain as herself, who loved them.

The pain of the thorns asserting themselves through spikes within her heart was trying to make her forget all of that.

That nostalgic sweet pain was enough to drive her mad, and frighteningly, Yorna could not resist it.

She could not resist it.

Translation Notes:

[1] – The Japanese expression here of “hands burning” ( 手 を 焼 く ) has the meaning of “having difficulty” and “not knowing what to do”.

[2] – Here, the man is making reference to Yorna’s unique way of speaking in Japanese (Arinsu-kotoba), which is unfortunately lost when translating to English.

[3] – In Eugard’s title “Emperor of the Briar” (荊棘帝) , the term briar can also be used idiomatically to mean obstacle or cause of difficulty.

--- Chapter 30: Bad News ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

——The Fortified City of Garkla was a great city listed among the top five of the Vollachian Empire.

Garkla essentially resided alongside the national border of two countries, the neighboring being the Kingdom of Lugunica and the Kararagi City-States; with a large mountain at its back, with the numerous robust forts lining the insides of its defensive walls, the city had become an important location of mighty defenses.

However, the legend of the city extolled for such sturdiness had come crumbling down by hand of the Witch Cult’s Sin Archbishop of Greed, who had assailed Garkla by his lonesome over a decade prior.

The damage to the Fortified City included the death of several thousands in the standing army, the death of the one who was considered the strongest warrior in the Vollachian Empire, Kurgan, the Eight-Arms, and finally, the annihilation of several forts, leaving it as one of the worst losses in the history of the Empire.

Since then, a deep scar had been carved into the Fortified City; coming to the present day, the restoration of the city and recovery of its functions had not been complete, and the international tension between countries remained high——.

???: [And, that was the Kingdom’s understanding of the Fortified City’s state of affaaairs~.]

In the deepest part of the city, a large fortress had been carved into the side of the adjacent Mount Gildray. Roswaal stood by the window of the conference room, smiling as he looked over the cityscape.

The city had plenty of shelters that were amply stocked and sufficiently spacious, which now accommodated the soldiers and refugees who had barely escaped the Imperial Capital with their lives, finally allowing them to welcome the sensation of relief.

Below, several forts erected during this lifetime were used to realize that scene, but not even a single one of those buildings were under construction.

Roswaal: [This is quite different from what I had heard… Even within the Empire, the only rumor about the Fortified City was that it was in the miiiddle~ of reconstruction.]

Let alone citizens of other countries, the true state of affairs in the Fortified City was not even well known to the people of the Empire.

If any country had taken action on the information that the Fortified City was incomplete, it would have been greeted by the perfect structure imposed by the Empire.

As expected, the Empire utilized its own scandal for the sake of war; he was more impressed than he was initially surprised.

And, thereupon——,

???: [If even the famous number one mage of the Kingdom was not aware, then it seems that our information control has functioned quite well.]

Roswaal: [You wouldn’t leave such visible and audible weaknesses lying around, would you? Goooodness~, I taaake~ my hat off to the Empire’s meticulousness.]

With this tone of admiration, Roswaal turned around as he shrugged his shoulders. In front of him, standing there was a gray-haired old man—— The Imperial Prime Minister, Berstetz Fondalfon.

During the attack on the coupled dragon carriages, he had assisted in breaking the deadlock of that strenuous fight.

At one point, he had been ejected from the coupled dragon carriages, his survival in jeopardy, but he had been rescued by a mere hair’s breadth, by Frederica who had been chasing the dragon carriage, allowing them to rejoin forces in the Fortified City.

Nevertheless, under those circumstances, he had not returned unscathed.

Roswaal: [How are you feeling? The degree of your buuurns~ were quite extensive.]

Berstetz: [Much gratitude for your concern. Fortunately, thanks to the power of that healer girl, I have escaped death. My arms and legs are just a little impaired, but… I suppose this is already too much good fortune for myself.]

Roswaal: [——. I see.]

As Berstetz said this, he struck his cane using one of his hands, limping along with his right leg.

No matter how great the effectiveness of healing magic, it would take a miracle to create results far beyond the upper limits of an individual’s resilience.

Unfortunately, Berstetz’s miracle seemed to have ended when he narrowly escaped death. But then again, the old man appeared to consider even this event to be far too miraculous.

In any case——,

???: [It is fortuitous that we were able to enter the Fortified City with minimal human casualties and without losing any significant war potential. It is regrettable that the Prime Minister’s leg is impaired, but we couldn’t have hoped for a better outcome.]

Stating this, having entered the conference room together with Roswaal, was Serena.

She sat at one of the seats of the round table in the middle of the room, and while tracing the scar on her face with her finger, she pulled out the chair beside her for Berstetz.

Towards this unbefitting consideration of hers, Berstetz bowed, and then took his seat.

Berstetz: [The words of High Countess Dracroy are lacking manners, but her gestures are considerate… I am at a loss for how to perceive you.]

Serena: [Don’t think too hard about it. Both are parts of me. If this fortress were to crumble, I’d be running around propping up the withered Prime Minister and expressing my honest opinions regarding the effort without hesitation.]

Berstetz: [I see. This is quite challenging to comprehend.]

That frankness added a layer of complexity to Serena’s charm, but Berstetz’s attitude also gave the impression of having peeled away a veneer.

The attack of the flock of undead flying dragons led by the Poison Princess. In addition, the appearance of the Three-Headed Valgren, whom Halibel, the Admirer, had personally put a halt on, was honestly the worst turn of events.

However, one could say that, including Berstetz’s survival, it all was a miraculous settlement for the battle array.

Nevertheless, there were still some controversial aspects regarding how that miracle had unfolded.

Berstetz: [By the way, are you certain about this? That Her Excellency Lamia can no longer be resurrected?]

Roswaal noticed a strange trace of warmth in Berstetz’s question as he took his place at the roundtable. However, unlike Serena, he refrained from making tactless inquiries.

Instead, Roswaal just simply stroked his chin,

Roswaal: [It seems that the other party has found a way to breaaak~ the technique that combines the Sacrament of the Immortal King with Restoration Magic. Princess Lamia Godwin has been cut off from her means of resurrection through that method… No, in this case…]

Serena: [Has been saved, perhaps, is a tad bit too arrogant of a way to say it.]

The bit that had been hesitated upon was pointed out by Serena, devoid of any mercy.

Regarding that point, neither did Roswaal himself have a clear answer. He could not gauge whether or not a life resurrected as an undead would welcome its own existence.

If he was to give his own personal opinion, he would not necessarily condemn the resurrection of life itself as evil. However, the state of being resurrected as an undead——,

Berstetz: [——Saved. Or perhaps, “liberated” may be a more appropriate way to put it.]

Serena: [Oh? It’s quite surprising to hear you say that, Prime Minister.]

Raising an eyebrow at Berstetz’s words, Serena murmured inquisitively. With her gaze fixed upon him, Berstetz, with both of his hands on the handle of his staff, let out a deep breath.

Berstetz: [I do not believe that Her Excellency Lamia would have approved of such a state of affairs. Her Excellency must have been aware of her own defeat… That was an unwelcome opportunity.]

Serena: [In that case, you mean to say that she would have preferred to have been vanquished? Considering that, the fact that she attacked us in such numbers still doesn’t quite add up.]

Berstetz: […Even so, I believe Her Excellency had different intentions.]

Berstetz, with his thread-like eyes cast down, held an unhidden desire in his heavy murmurs.

Roswaal had a sense that he understood Berstetz’s emotions. Unfortunately, Serena, her palms propping up her chin, did not seem to have grasped the same sentiment at all.

In any case, this was a significant part of the discussion.

Roswaal: [The enemy is formidable, and the situation is tumultuous. It’s a precarious situation that requires us all to unite. This isn’t the time for us to have internal cooonflict~. Isn’t that so, Subaru-kun.]

???: […I know that without you having to point it out.]

With a wry smile, Roswaal called out to the entrance of the conference room.

A black-haired boy, who had just opened the door and peeked his face in, answered with a bitter look on his face.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [I wasn’t able to talk more because it was an emergency, but I’d like to share the information again. This girl Spica, formerly known as Louis, was originally a Sin Archbishop of the Witch Cult.]

Spica: [Aauu!]

At the very beginning of the discussion in the conference room of the large fortress, Subaru openly revealed the true identity of Spica, who was standing next to him.

The side that had already been aware of the situation from the start on the coupled dragon carriages accepted the confession quietly, of course. On the other hand, the reaction from those of the Empire, who did not know about it, was as one would expect.

Dumbfoundedness and astonishment came first, followed by a reaction whose nature would remain the same whether the confession was the truth or a joke―― That was to say, it was rage.

???: [What, what are you saying! A Sin Archbishop!? Impossible! You say this thoughtless remark knowing that this is the Fortified City!? The city that was once felled by a Sin Archbishop!!]

Indeed, it was Goz Ralfon who yelled even louder than usual.

Goz, who had made great contributions to the defense of the coupled dragon carriages, and had hurriedly joined the meeting after receiving treatment for his wounds, his cry was probably the consensus of those who were hearing the situation for the first time.

However, this was neither a joke nor a game.

Subaru: [I’ve also heard about how that piece of shit Regulus went on a rampage in this town. I don’t know if it’s any consolation, but we took care of that bastard, so forget about him for now.]

Goz: [I care not about that abhorrent villain! What matters are the sins carried by that cursed title of Sin Archbishop! Do you understand!?]

Subaru: [――I know.]

Goz’s voice was so loud that it created an illusion of a wind that made one feel as if they were about to be blown away. But, Subaru did not take a single step back from Goz’s angry bellow and instead answered him head-on.

Even Goz widened his eyes with a “Hmph” as he heard the direct response from the child Subaru.

Berstetz: [May I?]

Just when Goz’s momentum had stalled, it was Berstetz who raised his hand instead. As the Imperial Prime Minister looked upon Subaru and Spica beside him with his thread-like eyes,

Berstetz: [The fact that you went through the trouble of confiding this to us is a sign that you consider her presence and skills to be necessary for further discussions. In other words, you believe that she has something to do with liberating Her Excellency Lamia from the yoke of the undead?]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s right. It’s helpful that you spoke up so quickly. As expected, I’d be in trouble if Berstetz-san had passed away of his own volition.]

Berstetz had inferred the general situation from the flow of the discussion, and while nodding his head in affirmation, Subaru unintentionally said such a thing.

During the battle of the coupled dragon carriages, Berstetz had faced Lamia alone, even risking his life to remove her and her additional bodies from the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion. Nonetheless, his actions had been completely up to his own judgment, nearly costing him his life.

Subaru: [Please, don’t let even the smart people be infected by the Empire’s customs. There’s nothing great about accomplishing something at the cost of your life.]

Berstetz: [It seems there are differing opinions on that, but… at the very least, I do not think there is much to be gained in exchange for my life. I shall admit that.]

Berstetz spoke while compromising where he had to, and remaining stubborn where he could not.

Subaru thought in a similar way, so it seemed likely that they would remain on parallel paths when it came to the value of life. But then again, Subaru had no intention of letting them die in the line of duty nobly.

Serena: [So? Since you affirmed the Prime Minister’s question, there’s no doubt that the Sin Archbishop girl has an immediate effect on the undead. But, what in the world did she do?]

Subaru: [It’s hard to give a specific explanation about that, but…]

Serena rested her chin in her hands atop the roundtable and prioritized her curiosity over her hostility toward Spica. She asked the obvious question, and Subaru glanced over at Spica.

Receiving his gaze, the girl blinked her blue eyes, and as her hand was lifted by the one holding it,

Subaru: [With the Authority of Gluttony, Spica can eat the special powers of anyone whose name she knows… is what I think. With that, she can nullify the technique of the zombies that makes them revive infinitely.]

???: [What sorta weightless explanation is that? If y’ain’t clearer about that, we’ll be left feelin’ uneasy ‘n not the least bit relieved, y’know?]

Subaru: [Look, even I would like to give a more convincing and concrete explanation!]

Anastasia, who was supposed to be his ally, mercilessly shot Subaru in the back after that vague statement of his.

But naturally, it was logical she would shoot that at him, and the contents of the shot were fatally unavoidable. On the other hand, it was also true that Subaru could not explain it in any other way.

???: [In any case, Subaru’s aim was right on target, in fact. With that girl’s Authority, that troublesome zombie princess fled, I suppose. Her retreat wasn’t a lie or a bluff, in fact.]

???: [I am in agreement with Beatrice-sama. And, the Pruning Corps held their ground in order to help buy time for their master’s retreat… It is hard to believe that all of their valiant efforts were the product of some compromise.]

Anastasia: [The two of ya are givin’ emotional answers. But that’s just circumstantial evidence… ‘n if ya ain’t sure of its effectiveness, ya’d know it’s too dangerous of a drug to use, right?]

Subaru: [That’s… of course, I think I get it.]

Even with Beatrice and Julius’s support, the validity of Anastasia’s points remained unassailable.

The correctness of her argument was made clear by the reaction of the imperial side, which needed to be persuaded anew. The Empire ought to be protected, but it also must be said that whether burdening themselves with a Sin Archbishop for that purpose was worth the risk involved or not, was a difficult decision to make.

That which the Stargazer Ubilk had spoken of, the two lights to oppose the Great Disaster―― the survival of one of them was hopeless, and Spica was the only one who could be relied upon.

Subaru’s realization of Spica’s potential came after Beatrice and Roswaal’s exhaustive investigation concerning the onslaught of zombies, which turned out to be utilizing the Sacrament of the Immortal King and Restoration Magic.

Using the Authority of Gluttony to interfere with the souls of the zombies―― As mentioned before, the exact result that would be yielded upon Spica’s Authority being exercised, was not known.

But, as for Lamia Godwin, the target of Spica’s Authority, her Name was not forgotten by Subaru and his group, nor by her half-brother, Abel.

And upon her departure, Lamia showed no signs of having amnesia. Therefore, her Memories had not been eaten either. ――So, just what had Spica eaten?

In this current situation, there was no other choice but to put forward all kinds of wild theories such as their fates, causalities, roles, or the abnormal conditions that were cast upon them at the time.

Of course, Anastasia’s point that this all was lacking in persuasion was understandable.

???: [But, this girl might be able to stop the other zombees too, right? I think that’s reaaally important.]

Then, while Subaru struggled with that, Emilia, seated at the roundtable, raised her eyebrows and spoke up. Anastasia narrowed her pale turquoise eyes at Emilia’s remark.

Anastasia: [I ain’t sayin’ that I don’t understand Emilia-san’s feelings. I’m also fed up with all this clamorous Great Disaster stuff, ‘n I likewise wanna jump on the winnin’ strategy. Even so, usin’ the power of a Sin Archbishop’s just…]

Emilia: [Mhm, that’s not what I meant. Of course, it’s true, but… I want to do something about the fact that people who have died are being turned into zombees .]

Subaru: [You want to do something about the zombies ?]

Emilia: [I don’t know how to put it, but… I reaaally hate that people who are no longer here are being turned into zombees and manipulated like that. Abel for instance, I’m sure he didn’t want to meet his sister like that. And, the same goes for Medium-chan.]

Emilia’s eyes, framed by long lashes, were downcast, and she touched on the absent Medium.

Her absence was in larger part due to her current condition rather than her being excluded from the conference. ――The final undead she had encountered aboard the coupled dragon carriages was the cause.

Receiving Spica’s Star Eating, Lamia had lost her ability to multiply and was about to be destroyed. Obeying her call, an undead flying dragon along with its commanding undead flying dragon rider had recovered her.

It seemed as though that person had had a relationship with the siblings Flop and Medium during their lifetime.

Now that the crisis was over, and shocked by the fact that someone close to her had turned into an undead, Medium was holed up in a room in the fort, refusing to show her face.

The event had been such that it had done that to the always bright and positive Medium.

Subaru, too, felt pain in his heart, but he had not been concerned about her in the same way that Emilia was. That was why, even after all this time, Subaru was surprised by Emilia’s comment.

He had been so focused on the threat of the zombies that he could not even stop to think about the grief that they were causing.

???: […Emilia-sama may have a slightly different view, but there is no doubt that those zombies are troublesome things. To begin with, the form they have been resurrected in is unnatural. Though to say that they are completely flawless would be far too convenient.]

While Subaru was feeling ashamed after hearing Emilia’s opinion, it was Otto who interrupted her.

After observing the situation for a while, he looked up at the ceiling, leaning his back against the wall of the fort,

Otto: [The zombies are likely not merely resurrected beings. Until now, a great number of… though one part of that was many of that one woman showing up, ignoring that, we have seen many zombies . I do not believe that all of them had a grudge against His Excellency the Emperor during their lifetimes. Naturally.]

Subaru: [Yeah, naturally indeed.]

Beatrice: [No matter how you look at it, such a thing would naturally be impossible, I suppose.]

At Otto’s interjected doubts and advocacy, a forceful sense of trust compelled Subaru and Beatrice to nod.

No matter how much Abel might have seemed to others to be a callous and cold-blooded Emperor, there was no doubt that he was not only hated, but respected as well.

Subaru had witnessed and heard about this unbelievable fact during his travels throughout the Empire.

In other words――,

Otto: [We should assume that the aggressive sentiment toward His Excellency Vincent and the Vollachian Empire was implanted or amplified in the process of being resurrected as zombies .]

???: [Brainwashing, is it… I think that is a valid point.]

Beatrice: […I heard something from the soldiers fighting at the rear, in fact. It seems that there have been cases where when a soldier who was fighting with them died, that same soldier would immediately turn into a zombie and attack them, I suppose.]

Julius: [Those who were fighting as allies until just previously, attack as soon as they turn into zombies , hm? It appears that Otto-dono’s assessment is certain.]

Otto: [――. Indeed.]

Having expressed his opinion regarding the zombies, Otto gave a curt response to Julius’s affirmation. Subaru furrowed his brows at that distant response, but Julius and Anastasia did not seem to bother and accepted it as a given.

Anyhow――,

Roswaal: [About Otto-kun’s opinion, it is something I have discussed with the Prime Minister and Countess Dracroy just before you all arrived. According to that… don’t make such an unpleasant face.]

Serena: [Postponing the delving into the details of Roswaal’s relationship with the Internal Affairs Minister, the Prime Minister also held a similar opinion. Isn’t that right?]

With the subject from Roswaal and Serena taking a stab at his interest, Berstetz nodded. He kept his hands resting on his staff, and as he surveyed the participants of the meeting with thread-like eyes that were difficult to read,

Berstetz: [Considering Her Excellency Lamia’s character, she would not wish for a second life. Much less, would she ever do something akin to planning to overturn the death of her first life.]

Subaru: [So as expected, they were brainwashed into attacking us in such extremely high spirits, right?]

Berstetz: [I suppose we ought to consider it as such… Of course, it is also possible that they were revived without any resistance, and deliberately cut no corners to test whether the current Empire is worth preserving.]

Goz: [In that case, the Vollachian Imperial Family…!]

Beatrice: [I’d like you to drop that fervor right now, in fact…]

While prefacing that he would not have made that judgment under normal circumstances, Berstetz was strangely proud that he could not deny the possibility of making strange judgments even if some aspects of normalcy remained.

In any case, it appeared that the consensus was that the zombies’ thoughts were not normal.

Subaru: [The zombies who’ve come back to life will be hostile to us no matter what. In that sense, just like Emilia-tan said, we need to stop the enemy zombie attack as soon as possible. For that purpose, Spica’s power is necessary. In practical terms, I don’t think this can be conceded.]

Otto: [But with that many zombies ? You want to take the time to eat them all up one-by-one? If we are speaking in practical terms, I do not think that can be ignored either.]

Subaru: [If it’s necessary, then I’ll do it. Just munching on the yummy bits and discarding the rest, that’s not the kind of resolve I grabbed this girl’s hand with.]

In more than just a figurative sense, Subaru tightly clutched Spica’s hand, and declared so to Otto.

Receiving Subaru’s gaze, Otto turned to look at Spica as if peering into her heart. It was a gaze filled with unrelenting suspicion, and Spica, facing him while clutching Subaru’s hand back,

Spica: [Auaaau!]

With such vigor, she growled as if to assert that she had made up her mind to tread this thorny path.

Hearing Spica’s response, Otto exhaled through his nose, and,

Otto: [I will say this now, but there is no use in persuading me. After all, I do not have the authoritative power to decide whether to incorporate her into the plan or not.]

Subaru: [Even if you don’t have an authoritative voice in the meetings, your presence is significant among us. At least, how am I supposed to persuade anyone else if I can’t even persuade the people in my own party?]

Otto: [Is that so? If that is the case then I suppose I ought to have been a bit tougher in my assessment.]

Although Otto shrugged his shoulders and let out a “Good grief”, it seemed that he had no intention of retracting his previous statement.

Perhaps, from his perspective during the battle of the coupled dragon carriages, when Spica used her Star Eating against Lamia, he was probably prepared to draw the same line.

It was just that Subaru did not like leaving this unfinished without ever confirming that.

Anastasia: [Seeeems~ like y’all’ve settled down, but I still ain’t adequately convinced, y’know?]

Subaru: [Ugh… On the contrary, Anastasia-san, what would it take to convince you?]

With the consensus of his companions in place, Anastasia, who had the judgment of a semi-companion, stood in the way.

Within this Empire, she at least was in the same boat as the bitter-faced Subaru, and putting her finger on her lips at his question,

Anastasia: [If I’m bein’ honest, I’d like ya to think ‘bout that on yer own as well, but it’s lots better than just poutin’ ‘n groanin’ without givin’ a response. ――First of all, ascertainin’ what that girl’s capable of, ‘n if possible verifyin’ the subsequent impact it has.]

Subaru: [What she’s capable of, and the subsequent impact…]

Emilia: [By what she’s capable of, you mean that she can stop the zombees from getting up again, right? But as for what happens afterwards…]

Anastasia: [Both Natsuki-kun ‘n Emilia-san should know just how horrible the Authority of Gluttony is.]

At Anastasia’s soft remark, Subaru held his breath, and Emilia widened her eyes.

That was, though an obvious matter, something that could not be left unmentioned.

The Authority of Gluttony; victims that it had brought about were present throughout the world.

In the conference room alone, that applied to both Emilia and Julius, and Rem was also present inside the fort. ――Well, in the sense that everybody else also suffered the impacts, everyone could be said to be a victim of Gluttony.

Since they were intentionally making use of that Authority, it was natural to assess the risks.

Beatrice: […So far, nobody has forgotten about the girl who multiplied herself, I suppose.]

Anastasia: [That’s right. But, nobody thinks that she didn’t eat nothin’. It may not be the Name or Memories, but once whatever she ate accumulates, what’ll happen to the girl?]

Subaru: [That’s…]

Anastasia: [Like Natsuki-kun admirably suspected, what if she ends up goin’ back to bein’ the girl she once was?]

Anastasia’s probing was merciless, and Subaru had no choice but to hold his tongue.

All he could do was pray with a baseless, purely emotional belief. Belief in the girl who had been granted the new name of Spica, and chosen a different way of life from Louis Arneb.

Belief, in a way, that this Authority, which could be said to have been with the child since birth, would be guided in a way in which many people would deem it as just.

Julius: [Anastasia-sama, it can be said that there is no way to ascertain that. Of course, I believe we ought not to be lacking in vigilance, but…]

Anastasia: [I can’t give ya proof that I ain’t schemin’ a business plan that I ain’t got either. So that, I at least want the certainty of a reward for goin’ down a dangerous path.]

Julius: [So, I take it as you want the definition of the results from employing Miss Spica’s Authority?]

Julius touched the scar under his left eye, and Anastasia nodded with a quick “Yep.”

Then, as she gazed over both Subaru and Spica,

Anastasia: [There ain’t no merchants who’d go to a negotiation with treasure of unknown value. At least, without knowin’ how it’ll be useful, yer sales pitch’ll be irrelevant.]

Julius: [Without a doubt.]

Since Lamia’s attack had ceased, it was probably safe to assume that she had been crushed.

However, the only other evidence was the oracle of the Stargazer Ubilk, whose existence, words, and conduct were all dubious. Since those concerns had no way of being resolved, Anastasia was in fact more than willing to compromise.

At the very least, if they could not satisfy everyone with just the fact that Spica’s Star Eating was certainly effective on the zombies――.

???: [――Unfortunately, we do not have time to spare for such an inspection.]

The low voice that barged in there rudely stirred the inferior air around Subaru.

Everyone’s gazes were instantly directed to the black-haired lean figure that had appeared in the entrance of the conference room―― Though he should have been the leading figure of the conference, Abel had arrived late.

Accompanied by Flop and, for some reason, Jamal, he calmly proceeded without halting his step and imposingly sat on an empty seat at the round table.

And then――,

Vincent: [What? Your face is befuddled.]

Subaru: [I was just surprised at how overly imposing you’re acting for being late. We already started talking earlier; what were you doing?]

Vincent: [There was something I needed to verify urgently. That was the largest part of the reason why we hastened towards the Fortified City. ――To ascertain the meaning of the words left behind by that enormous fool.]

As Abel responded with no shame, Subaru hesitated to question him further.

That was because Subaru could imagine that the “enormous fool” he spoke of was likely the retainer who had deceived Abel, and then allowed him to live.

But on the other hand, the reason for hastening to this Fortified City caught his attention.

Emilia: [Um, that thing Abel heard, that’s the reason why we rushed over to this town?]

Vincent: [Of course, though it is also a fact that this was the most suitable location to receive refugees.]

Anastasia: [Can ya tell us without usin’ any sluggish bloat? Whatd’ya mean when ya said we ain’t got time earlier?]

Both Emilia and Anastasia directed their questions towards Abel.

Those same questions were harbored by everybody present in the conference room. Receiving those gazes questioning the meaning of his statement, Abel shut a single eye, and tapped the roundtable with his finger.

A firm sound rang out, and the attention of Subaru and everybody else concentrated on his hand, whether they wanted to or not.

Vincent: [I shall put it plainly. That which I wished to ascertain in this Fortified City, was the unchanging Sanctum… Confirmation of the location and status of the Empire’s Great Spirit enrolled among the extraordinary Four Greats, the Stone.]

Subaru: [Great Spirit among the Four Greats… you mean the Four Great Spirits?]

Vincent: [Indeed.]

With the sudden appearance of unexpected information, Subaru blinked his eyes many times.

In regards to the Four Great Spirits, he had heard about them when he first came to this other world, and learned more about their existence when he contracted with Beatrice and became a Spiritual Arts User.

Spirits amongst the most powerful Spirits in this world―― Though, the moment he associated with that blundering gray-colored cat who was one of them, he became dubious of their credibility.

Julius: [Then, have you discovered the whereabouts of one of the Four Greats, the one that is in the Empire, the Stone, Muspel!]

Subaru: [I-is that really something so surprising?]

Julius: [Of course. The Slasher of the City-States, the Sacred Beast of the Holy Kingdom, in each nation they are the respective targets of unwavering faith and reverence. The Stone, too, is a being that hides similar power.]

Anastasia: [If ya can secure cooperative ties with a Great Spirit of the Four Greats, that’d be a matter of great importance for the state… It’d be a much bigger deal than that darn lie ‘bout the Fortified City bein’ in the midst of reconstruction.]

As Julius and Anastasia informed him of the importance in succession, Subaru could not do anything but dart his eyes around in honest astonishment.

But, since nobody stepped in to correct them, and since Emilia and Beatrice were making proud expressions for some reason, there was no doubt that their perception was correct.

The problem was――,

Julius: [If you rushed to the Fortified City to confirm the location and state of the Stone, does that mean the Great Spirit is in this land? Certainly, borrowing that power will be a major backing, but…]

Confronting enemies that arose inexhaustibly, Spica’s Star Eating alone was not enough.

Of course, until Star Eating could be detonated, it was best for them to have as much fighting strength as possible to fend off the zombie onslaught. Or, in the same way that Puck could specialize in area attacks better than the current Emilia, the promising power of the Stone could as well.

Flop: [Regrettably, that’s not how things work. Does everybody remember, just before, His Excellency the Emperor-kun said we don’t have time.]

Subaru: [Flop-san?]

With a slow shake of his head, Flop restrained those positive thoughts of Subaru’s.

He, who always maintained a bright positive attitude like Medium, now had a strained expression, and uttered those words in a serious manner.

For some reason, having accompanied Abel, he appeared to be the same as the Emperor. If that was Flop’s expression after learning of the conclusion a little earlier than Subaru and the rest――,

Vincent: [You cannot expect the assistance of the Stone. If anything, the existence of the Stone is being put to use by the opponent… by the Great Disaster.]

Subaru: [What, do you mean? The Great Spirit――]

Vincent: [Is in the palm of the enemy’s hand. Likely, in order for the Great Disaster to inexhaustibly give rise to the undead from the grave, it is utilizing that extraordinary amount of Mana. Henceforth, they continue to appear in perpetuity.]

Everyone: [――――]

Vincent: [And――]

Eyes widened at the horrible report, Subaru looked in disbelief at Abel as the latter still proceeded to continue. But, Subaru did not possess the ability to deter his words.

In the midst of the strained air of the conference room, Abel continued without halt.

That was――,

Vincent: [I expressed it as “in perpetuity”, but that is not accurate. No matter how much Mana is in the Stone’s possession, it will eventually run out. When that happens, the vast lands of the Empire will meet their demise. ――After all, the Sanctum protected by the Stone, the power sustaining the vast lands of Vollachia, will be forfeit, and there will be no escaping collapse.]

――Announcing the true nature of the Great Disaster destroying the Empire, it truly was bad news.

--- Chapter 31: The Stone ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The Stone, Muspel.

Enrolled as one of the Four Great Spirits, it was an ancient Great Spirit rooted within the vast lands of the Vollachian Empire.

Unlike the Sacred Beast, the Slasher, and the Arbitrator of the other countries, it was a being that had not left any voluntary actions or claims in the annals of history. Though it was known to exist in Vollachia, no further information or observations of it had surfaced; one could even say it was the most Spirit-like Spirit.

That was the nature of the Stone, Muspel, considered to be an unchanging Sanctum.

Subaru: [Which is how Beako cutely explained it to me, but isn’t this different?]

Since Subaru lacked knowledge of the Four Great Spirits, Beatrice had recounted an anecdote about Muspel to him. As such, Subaru listened to Beatrice’s anecdote with great interest, but the contents of the anecdote clashed greatly with the actual situation.

The Great Spirit whose whereabouts and true form were unknown, such was the story of Muspel, but――,

Subaru: [You being so confident that the opponent has stolen it is contradictory to you having grasped its location. But actually conversely, Muspel was here in the Fortified City. ――Is that wrong?]

Subaru thrust his index finger with a question before Abel’s surly face.

Abel’s black eyes narrowed at Subaru’s questioning, but before he could open his mouth――,

???: [Oi, ya got some damn nerve to talk to His Excellency the Emperor like that.]

An unexpectedly harsh tone wedged itself between Subaru and Abel, and a wind blew out of the scene. Immediately after, the tip of Subaru’s pointed finger, the white part of the nail, was suddenly shaved off.

With a whoosh, a drawn blade sliced through the wind and his fingernail, the result of which caused Subaru to scream, “Dowhoa!”.

And then――,

???: [You brat! Know your place, your place, goddammit!]

Subaru: [That’s what I should be saying! You don’t suddenly cut a kid’s fingernails with a sword!]

Holding his hands over the sudden outburst, Subaru spat at the perpetrator of the heinous act―― Jamal.

For some reason, Jamal, who had been allowed to accompany Abel ever since they had arrived at Garkla, had suddenly cut Subaru’s fingernail using the blade he had pulled out.

Subaru looked at him in disbelief at that overly rash behavior,

Subaru: [I thought you’d gotten a little better, but as expected, I hate you!]

Jamal: [Ahh? I don’t want a brat to like me either. …And.]

He was naive to think that he could have a rational conversation, when telling Katya the news of Todd’s demise.

When Subaru protested against Jamal’s unchanged crude attitude, the latter tried to ignore the age difference and get confrontational, but that immature attitude was stopped with the raise of a hand.

It was none other than Abel, seated at the round table, who had ordered him to “Cease”.

Vincent: [Do not start unnecessary squabbles. Be aware that your value, as I recognize it, is that you are a relatively easy pawn to use. Now is not the time to fight with the Kingdom.]

Subaru: [Fight with the Kingdom… Ah.]

Subaru furrowed his brow at Abel’s way of saying it, then turned around when he realized what the intent was.

When he did, those on the Kingdom’s side, witnessing the current exchange between Subaru and the others―― Understandably, Emilia, Beatrice, and Spica looked at Jamal with reproachful eyes.

If this standoff continued, the girls joining the fight soon would be unavoidable.

However, not understanding the gravity of the situation, Jamal frowned and reluctantly sheathed the brunt of his outburst.

Jamal: [If His Excellency the Emperor says so… Tsk, ya escaped death, brat.]

Subaru: [It’s amazing you still have the guts to say that in this situation… I feel like we were just on the verge of our alliance breaking up and the Empire being destroyed.]

With the Emperor’s stoppage, sighing at the sight of Jamal, who was still unashamed under the gaze of Subaru’s friends, Subaru looked at Abel.

He evaluated Jamal as being easy to use, but it really did not seem like that.

Subaru: [You’re not going to do something like a careless assassination this late in the game, are you?]

Vincent: [In fact, if someone were to surrender with my head in their arms, I suppose it would not be a detriment to them. This attitude is extremely normal for an Imperial Soldier… a little too short-tempered, but not to the extent of Cecilus.]

Subaru: [It’s not fair to use Ceci in your comparison…!]

Subaru was infuriated by Abel, who said such an unfunny joke and gave such an example that could not be confirmed nor denied. Ignoring his reaction, Abel gestured for Jamal to stand down and then looked back at Subaru.

His posture, answering Subaru’s pointed finger and question, showed that he was ready to disclose information about the Stone that had almost veered off into a tangent.

Vincent: [The question which you snorted out a moment ago, I shall affirm it. The Stone was indeed within this Fortified City. Measures have been taken to detain it here, turning this city into a Sanctum.]

Beatrice: […Unbelievable, I suppose.]

Abel once again tapped his finger on the roundtable, producing a firm sound as he divulged the truth. And, it was Beatrice who involuntarily voiced a sound at Abel’s response.

With her adorable profile, as she tightly pressed her lips together,

Beatrice: [What an outrageous story, in fact. Among the Four Greats, the Stone is the most challenging one to come to a mutual understanding with; that’s how it was described by Mother, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Among the Four Great Spirits, the most challenging…]

Beatrice: [By the way, among the Four Greats, the one which just doesn’t really listen the most is the Sacred Beast, and the one which should not be talked to the most is the Slasher. The one that is most futile to talk to is the Arbitrator, in fact.]

Subaru: [Aren’t those all pretty much the same!? Puck, please come back!]

He could not hide his astonishment at the line up that made him increasingly yearn for Puck.

Compared with the disturbing titles of the Slasher and the Arbitrator, the titles of the Stone and the Sacred Beast oddly gave off a softer impression.

Subaru: [If you can’t speak with the Stone, I thought the Sacred Beast at least sounded to be a little better, but…]

Beatrice: [Mother used to call the Sacred Beast a benevolent monster, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Oioi, I’m inclined to see all of the landmarks in this world, but there isn’t a single celebrity who I’d like to meet… Isn’t that actually kinda incredible?]

Having spent over a year in this world, Subaru would occasionally hear the names of famous individuals, but most of them held rather disturbing titles, so he was a bit sick and tired of them.

Though, the fact that he was already acquainted with positive celebrities such as the Royal Candidates and the Sword Saint may have played a big part in that.

Nevertheless――,

Otto: [This is the first time that I have heard expressions like the Sanctum and the detaining of the Stone. I think those are perhaps phrases unique to Vollachia, but what exactly do they mean?]

Vincent: [To put it plainly, the Stone is a Great Spirit that governs the Earth attribute. Therefore, the land it uses as a resting place naturally receives the protection of its special qualities. In addition to cultivating fertile soil, it also yields a positive impact on the recuperation of those who live on that land.]

Otto: […I see. It is a much more significant role than I thought.]

Having interjected with a question, Otto placed his hand over his mouth in wonder regarding Abel’s response.

In essence, within the scope of Muspel’s influence, agriculture flourished, and the recovery of the sick and injured was accelerated. It seemed to have benefits akin to a hot spring consisting of nothing but good things.

If one could control the position of Muspel as they pleased, that would be――,

Anastasia: [I gotta say, that’s a story that’s gotta be hidden much more than the lie that the Fortified City’s in the midst of reconstruction. That one of the pillars supportin’ the strong national power of the Empire is the Stone.]

Julius: [And he has disclosed all of this to us, the people of another country. ――I shall take this as a sign of the degree of His Excellency the Emperor Vincent’s resolve.]

Anastasia: [I dunno if they’d feel too threatened if they were overly open about their secrets, but… I kinda understand the sentiment about wantin’ to avoid internal conflicts.]

Anastasia and Julius’s attitudes were natural for representatives of foreign powers.

Of course, as Anastasia had added at the end, it was not as though there was no prospect for the Empire to reveal too much unfavorable information.

Emilia: [If this was something he really wanted to keep hidden, couldn’t Abel have used various different ways of speaking to cover it up? Since he didn’t do that, it makes me think that wasn’t exactly that case.]

Subaru: [It’s as Emilia-tan says. This guy has a nasty personality and functions with twisted wisdom. He could have even deceived people like Roswaal or Anastasia-san if he wanted to. Even if it doesn’t seem like it, this is Abel’s utmost sincerity.]

Vincent: [It is still surprising that the half-elf girl does not exude any sense of insolence. You, such praise is not given lightly in this day and age.]

Even though Subaru had gone out of his way to follow up, Abel gave a reply to which following up would be of no avail, so Subaru pursed his lips.

Bringing a halt to this act of Subaru and the others, Flop clapped his hands to gather everyone’s attention. He then nodded with a “It’s as Husband-kun and the others say,”

Flop: [His Excellency the Emperor-kun has disclosed the truth. That alone signifies the urgency of the matter, along with a topic that cannot be avoided in order to explain the worst-case scenario.]

Roswaal: [Worst-case scenario… You mean, the demise of the vast lands of the Empire that His Excellency the Emperor meeentioned~?]

Flop: [That’s right!]

Nodding vigorously, Flop affirmed Roswaal’s ascertainment.

The demise of the vast lands of the Empire―― Utilizing the Stone, Muspel, that was the worst possible scenario of the Great Disaster assailing this Vollachian Empire.

And, before that scenario was revealed to Subaru and the others, the reason why Abel was accompanied by Flop, who was supposed to be nothing more than just a civilian――,

Flop: [It was the fake Emperor-kun who entrusted me with the information about the Sanctum to deliver to His Excellency the Emperor-kun… But his intentions were not to cooperate with the Great Spirit that is the Stone, but to warn of the possibility that the Stone was being utilized in the opponent’s plans.]

Subaru: [I see. Flop-san, you were able to directly meet Abel’s imposter, huh.]

Flop: [Yeah. I don’t have the qualifications to give an answer or an opinion as to why he behaved that way, but… It’s in my nature to accomplish what’s entrusted to me.]

Flop still looked pale due to all the blood that he had lost. His answer, showing his unchanging strong sense of duty, was a relief to Subaru, who now thought of the fake Emperor.

The fake Emperor who had ousted Abel from the throne, and lost his own life in the latter’s place―― His true intentions could only be guessed, the same as when he had quarreled with Abel, and an answer would not be heard for the rest of eternity.

Still, the fact that the person he had entrusted with the message was Flop, was one of the best possible moves the fake Emperor had made.

Emilia: [Umm, based on what you’re saying, does the Empire perhaps have a contract with Muspel?]

Vincent: [If the contract you are thinking of is that which binds a Spirit and a Spiritual Arts User together, you would be incorrect. The Stone has no such consciousness for that. There is no way for us to offer it a contract that has our side as superior or equal.]

Subaru: [Vollachia would be one to bring up the advantages and disadvantages in Contracts with Spirits. Take a look at me and Beako’s pure, righteous, and charming relationship.]

Beatrice: [That’s right, in fact.]

Vincent: [It looks like naught but children playing.]

Holding hands with Beatrice, the two of them made a display as they lightly took steps together, and Abel gave a comment. Ignoring Subaru who puffed his cheeks out together with Beatrice in response, Abel went on with the discussion.

Vincent: [No vows have been made with the Stone. Yet, it continued to reside within the territory of the Empire. That is why we made use of our relationship with it, but… at the same time, it continued to move into the Empire’s bowels, spreading its roots.]

Subaru: [Its roots?]

Vincent: [Think of it as the roots of a tree. A tree with thick, long branches may strengthen the ground it is affixed to, but conversely, if that tree were to be uprooted, what shall become of the land?]

Anastasia: […It’ll get so porous ‘n fragile that it’ll crumble with just a teensy poke.]

Anastasia summarized Abel’s question in a nutshell.

In exchange for continuing to enrich the vast lands of Vollachia, Muspel had tied its fate to the Empire itself.

And then――,

Subaru: [Wait, so when you say that it would be the end of the line for Vollachia if Muspel were to die, you mean it would literally be the end of Vollachia!? Isn’t that insanely bad!?]

In other words, it was something akin to revealing the existence of a bomb that could blow the Empire itself to pieces.

It was a state secret that needed to be concealed, something that Vollachia would have to deal with not just for now, but forever on after this. At that fact, Subaru’s surprise finally caught up with the intelligent people.

However――,

Vincent: [Fool, do not be so panicked.]

Subaru: [How can you not be in a panic! Hah! Don’t tell me, once this is all over, you intend to silence all of us who know the secret…]

Vincent: [Do not underestimate us in that regard. If such was my intention, do you believe I would have allowed you to harbor such suspicions? Intrigue and conspiracy are not the prerogatives of the Holy Kingdom alone.]

Subaru: [Wouldn’t it be better if the Empire that boasts about it and the Holy Kingdom that’s famous for it were destroyed?]

Due to the magnitude of the matter, topics of national scale were raised with wild abandon, and though the Empire went without saying, the Holy Kingdom did not seem to be anything decent either. Subaru also thought that he had suffered through some pretty bad things, but one should remember that the Kingdom of Lugunica was a much more pleasant place to live.

Subaru: [Well, even though it was hell on earth, as soon as I met Emilia-tan and the others, no more doubt remained that the Kingdom of Lugunica was the most heavenly place.]

Emilia: [Sorry, I’ve got no idea what you’re talking about.]

Subaru: [That’s fine, that’s fine, I’m just talking to myself. ――So, the meaning of the previous topic is for him to discuss.]

Subaru smiled at Emilia as she tilted her head, then returned to trying to catch Abel’s interest regarding the topic at hand. In response to it, Abel quietly closed an eye and crossed his arms,

Vincent: [A ruler who turns a blind eye to a ridiculous act, a blatant one to this extent, such as entrusting their heart to another, must not be in their right mind. Of course, the process of decoupling the roots of the Stone from this country had been underway. Your concerns are oblivious to the difficulty of discovering that and claiming lives in accordance with it, which is, simply put, nonsensical. Such is the equivalent of challenging a Dragon with a pen.]

Subaru: [If I went, “Gotcha! Glad to hear that!” then it wouldn’t match up with how we were talking about running out of time earlier. The decoupling process might’ve been underway, but it couldn’t be done in time, which caused this situation… Isn’t that right?]

Vincent: [――――]

Subaru: [Don’t stay silent just because the odds are against you!]

Abel’s silence in reaction to the accurate guess was confirmation that Subaru’s suspicion had hit its mark.

Someday, Vollachia might be able to sever their shared destiny with Muspel. However, the time was not now, and it could not be cited as a clue to break through their plight.

Vincent: [In other words, the fates of the Stone and us citizens of the Empire remain intertwined. As long as those hordes of undead are in pursuit of us and we desperately continue to drive them away, the Stone’s mana shall eventually be depleted, and the lands of Vollachia shall be unable to escape from its ruin. I also hear the soldiers who lost their lives in battle would undergo immediate resurrection. In short――]

Roswaal: [We’re in a situation where defeating too many of our opponents and casualties on our side are both undesirable, it seeeems~.]

Serena: [Seems like it. Their intentions are thrillingly illogical, and there’s no end to their cruelty.]

On top of being forced to respond to the opponent’s initiative, even the terms of their defensive battle had been set as something terribly evil.

Subaru did not understand why Serena seemed to enjoy this, but looking closer into the enemy’s relentless tactics, which did not stop at using the undead to force their way through, he could catch glimpses of their proactiveness in bringing the Empire to its definite downfall――,

Emilia: [――But, I wonder why Sphinx is doing such a thing.]

Subaru: [Eh?]

As Emilia voiced the doubt that surfaced in her mind, Subaru blinked at her words.

The fearsome enemy, who had resurrected many of the dead resting below the Empire’s soil, and was currently taking measures to act on its demise, an event regarded as the Great Disaster. The identity and schemes of such a foe―― Sphinx, the Witch, had been made quite clear in detail.

However, the Witch’s motive that Emilia had expressed her doubt about was――,

Subaru: [Of course, isn’t that because she wants to destroy the Empire…? It’s not like I don’t understand how she feels, though.]

Otto: [Leaving aside Natsuki-san’s true feelings, that is not an adequate answer to Emilia-sama’s question. Assuming the identity of the opposition’s leader is the Witch that had rampaged through the Kingdom of Lugunica in the past, any grudges they hold should be pointing towards the Kingdom.]

Julius: [Nonetheless, the Witch has created an uprising with the dead in the Empire. It is certainly implausible. However, there is a possibility that the Empire was where the conditions could be fulfilled.]

Otto: [Conditions?]

Designating Emilia’s inquiry as the beginning of their theorization, Otto and Julius made eye contact with each other.

As Otto sought out the rest of Julius’s deduction, the Knight placed his fingers on his narrow chin,

Julius: [An army of zombies with a combination of the Sacrament of the Immortal King and Restoration Magic… For it to come to fruition, the existence of the Four Greats, who all possess an extraordinary amount of mana, was essential. Therefore, the Witch had managed to actualize the spell in the Empire, and――]

There, Julius paused for a brief moment, and then took a sweeping glance at the faces of everyone in the meeting room,

Julius: [Perhaps it may be a plan to invade the Kingdom after tearing down the Empire.]

Subaru: [Wha…]

Goz: [――That is ridiculous!!]

Just as Subaru fell speechless upon hearing about the likelihood of such an occurrence that Julius dreaded, Goz exploded with a roar of indignation. Balling his hand into an excessively tight fist the size of a child’s head, Goz gnashed his teeth together while retaining the bare minimum of his rationality to not break the table.

Goz: [If you are correct in your thinking! Are you suggesting that the fact that our dear homeland is on the brink of annihilation is merely a byproduct of this predicament!?]

Anastasia: [To be exact, it’s prolly the first stage of the plan to strike the real target. Well, with the whereabouts of the Stone n’ stockin’ up on the zombies n’ all, that stage’s prolly been movin’ on from step-to-step since a really long time ago.]

Goz: [Guh, grrrrruh…!!]

Anastasia probably did not intend it in the first place, but her supplementary explanation was unsuccessful in placating Goz’s anger. Rather, he was growling with frustration, and Jamal seemed to be similarly furious. No one could possibly accept it if they were told the crisis occurring in their homeland was purely incidental.

Subaru thought over their feelings with a dose of sympathy, then noticed the expression of Beatrice, who was beside him.

Subaru: [Beako?]

Beatrice: [――. Julius’s idea is understandable, I suppose. But… Roswaal.]

Roswaal: [Certainly, I recognize your concerns. ――Could it be, that Sphinx truly carries human emotions with her, enough for her actions to be considered as vengeance upon the Kingdom? It’s precisely why I can’t help but think that the idea suggested by Knight Julius is only half-correct.]

Subaru: [By half of Julius’s idea, you mean…]

Roswaal: [The conditions were satisfied in the Empire. So, she did what she did. That’s all.]

Roswaal closed one eye, leaving his yellow eye open while Subaru took a sharp intake of breath at his words.

If Julius’s line of thinking was accurate, then the current occurrences in the Empire were not unrelated to the Kingdom, and therefore, the Kingdom could be facing the same crisis very soon.

However, if Beatrice and Roswaal’s theories were correct, then the situation between them and the opposition was beyond salvaging.

And then――,

Berstetz: [Either way, the Witch has already taken up arms and drawn the bow against the Empire. Now that even the lives of the Imperial Nobility have been disgraced, we are left with no other option but to eradicate our enemy. Is that not the case?]

Serena: [I’m receiving quite the hot-blooded impression from your statement, Prime Minister. As I thought, has the incident regarding Her Excellency Lamia birthed an anger your stomach can’t suppress?]

Berstetz: [――Yes, is there a problem?]

If Serena had meant to poke fun at him, his reaction was not quite what she had been expecting.

Although Berstetz maintained an attitude of superficial calmness, his fury towards the opposition could be clearly felt from his unexpressive, narrow-eyed face.

At his words, Serena traced the scar left behind by a sword wound on her own face,

Serena: [No? The way you are now aligns much more with my taste in men.]

Berstetz: [That is quite a frightening thing to say.]

Serena: [Hahaha! Though, I consider myself good-looking if you pretend my scar doesn’t exist.]

Appraising Berstetz, who had undergone a change of heart as such, Serena let out a guffaw.

Setting aside the exchange between the two, the truth of the matter was exactly as Berstetz had told them. They had no choice but to face the commander of the undead army, Sphinx, in a final showdown.

No matter her objective, they had to.

Subaru: [So, are you alright, Emilia-tan?]

Emilia: [――Mhm. It’s something that we don’t know, even if we try our best to think about it. It would be great if we had an opportunity to hear it directly from Sphinx, but…]

Subaru: [We only ran into her for a moment, but she didn’t seem like someone we could talk to.]

Beatrice: [Betty agrees with Subaru, in fact. Betty also thinks it’s difficult to hold a conversation with that one, I suppose.]

Utilizing her own life in the form of Escape by Death, Sphinx had targeted the coupled dragon carriages.

Within the scarce number of conversations that had been held between him and Sphinx, Subaru had felt as if she was completely devoid of any zeal, just like her tactics, which considered life as a disposable resource. She did not respond to any provocation coming from those whom her emotions remained unmoved against. She was the type of competition that was rough to deal with for Subaru.

Hence, even with Return by Death, she was a tremendously powerful opponent――.

Subaru: [In the meantime, our opponent is steadily increasing the number of her zombies , and she’s also shaving down the power that’s left in the Great Spirit Muspel. We’re just going to be at a disadvantage in a battle of endurance.]

Anastasia: [Though, gatherin’ battle-ready forces from all over the Empire ‘n launchin’ another attack on the Imperial Capital’s… no good, either. Large armies clashin’ against each other’s a simple war of attrition. The damage’s gonna be worse.]

Otto: [A condition that we are bound by, where we cannot afford any casualties from our side and the opposition… Which means, there is practically only one option left for the plan to save the Empire from the impending Great Disaster.]

Subaru, Anastasia, and Otto spoke one after another, and spontaneously, all eyes were on Abel, who was seated at the roundtable. Every citizen of the Empire was involved in this incident, and as the man among them who stood on the crest, he regarded everyone’s gazes as something that was to be expected, and,

Vincent: [――We shall invade the Imperial Capital with a small elite unit, and capture the Witch masterminding it all. Thus, the path to the Great Disaster that they had laid out so scrupulously shall be dismantled.]

――Marking the start of the final phase of the battle that had begun in the Vollachian Empire, he assuredly announced their strategy to halt the Great Disaster, just like that.

△▼△▼△▼△

With the conclusion of the round table meeting, they reached a stopping point.

In accordance with the policy established, from this point forward, the selection of personnel to dispatch for the blitzkrieg and the plan for the attack on the Imperial Capital would be developed.

However, before that discussion began in earnest――,

???: [――I had not realized that the Stone had been stationed in Garkla.]

In the conference room where only the Emperor and the Prime Minister remained, Berstetz was the one to break the ice.

It was a short time where not only the members of the allied Kingdom, but also those on the imperial side, such as Serena and Goz, were not present. Even Jamal, an escort, was kept waiting outside the room, so that it was just the leaders of the Empire in discussion―― although if that were true, then there would have been one more person present.

Vincent: [In the end, you also fell completely for Chisha’s scheme?]

Berstetz: [It appears so. If all went according to schedule, the Sanctum would have been near the southwestern Cloud Sea City of… Mezoreia around this time. Just in what point in time was I blindsided?]

Vincent: [Your eyes appear closed. Blindsiding you must have been easy.]

Berstetz: [They appear to be closed, but they are not. That is precisely why they are so effective in prevention… is just what a sore loser would say after they have actually been deceived.]

Shaking his head slowly, Berstetz muttered as if lamenting his blunder. However, Vincent did not consider it Berstetz’s fault.

As was often the case, Chisha simply exceeded Vincent and Berstetz’s expectations.

In addition to deceiving both the Emperor and the Prime Minister, Chisha had also made preparations to find out just what traps the forthcoming Great Disaster would set.

Berstetz: [If the Stone has not been used, we could use the Fortified City as a base and strengthen our defenses. If the Stone has been compromised, then――]

Vincent: [In other words, it is being used for the Great Disaster’s plan. It seems that that enormous fool had thought of many ways to destroy the Empire and had executed them in his mind. Hence, he was right on target.]

Berstetz: [I did not know what measures to take against someone plotting usurpation, and I did not expect someone whose goal was to wreak havoc. From now on, I shall strive to be stricter.]

Vincent: [――. Then do that.]

Vincent was slightly taken aback by Berstetz voicing his vision for the future with that “from now on”.

After this case was settled, Berstetz would resign from the Prime Minister’s position, as he thought it was not impossible that he might try to martyr himself for Lamia.

Berstetz: [Since Her Excellency Lamia has refused to do so.]

Finding the question in that momentary void, Berstetz answered it himself.

Hearing this, Vincent said nothing. Only a little snort. In response to Vincent’s reaction, Berstetz continued, “Nevertheless,”

Berstetz: [I was surprised to hear what Your Excellency said about the Stone and the Sanctum. It is hard to say that we have any hope of even separating the Stone from the land.]

Vincent: [As soon as this present matter is settled, we shall get to working on the national policy that we had put on hold. If we cannot produce results by the time the non-aggression pact with the Kingdom expires in two years’ time, there shall be no tomorrow to succeed today.]

Berstetz: [Is that so? Incidentally…]

At that, Berstetz paused a beat and opened his thread-like eyes slightly.

Berstetz: [Though I am sure you are aware, the method employed to detain the Stone is not to be revealed. Not only is it a secret of the Empire, but it is also a matter of strong belief among our allies.]

Vincent: [After all, Natsuki Subaru and the half-elf Spiritual Arts User are both utterly opposed to even the appearance of injustice. ――It would be troublesome if they knew that we have been using convicts sentenced to death as the Stone’s contractors, disposing of them upon their deaths.]

Berstetz: [Your Excellency.]

Do not speak carelessly ; as Berstetz gave him such a warning, Vincent shrugged his shoulders.

During the conference, Emilia had asked him whether the Stone and the Empire had a contractual relationship, and Vincent answered that there was no contractual relationship of the sort she understood.

That was not a lie; it was a simple statement of fact.

The simplest way to detain the Stone was through a contract between the Spirit and a person.

However, the Stone did not have self-consciousness, and had no room or window for negotiation regarding the contract. Therefore, the cost of contracting with the Stone was consistently the burden of the enormous amount of nothingness that flowed into the contractor.

The sensation of sharing one’s body around the clock with a preposterously large entity with which mutual understanding was impossible would very easily break the human mind, driving it into a state where it could no longer retain its original form.

In exchange for inescapable dehumanization, the Stone’s nature was to abide by the contractor’s current location.

Therefore, the Empire kept the Stone and the forcibly contracted death-row convicts in lands where the Sanctum was required, and distributed the benefits of the Sanctum to various regions. As it was a next-to-impossible task to track down the Stone once its location had been lost, the replenishment of the death-row convicts was a matter of utmost importance.

And, before the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital began, Chisha, disguised as the Emperor, had moved the Stone to the Fortified City of Garkla in preparation for the Great Disaster.

But, there was no sign of the death-row convict who had contracted with the Stone in the city.

Berstetz: [If it has been moved, it would be impossible to track it down without any leads. If so, the only thing that would be gained by divulging the particulars is the distrust of our allies.]

Vincent: [Though, even if I did not deliberately say it out loud, there were some who have likely guessed it.]

Recalling the faces at the conference, Vincent closed one eye as a few pertinent individuals came to mind.

Berstetz was correct; they did not want to create internal discord in this situation. Surely the people who had guessed this and did not speak up had the same intention.

In any case, once it had been stolen from the Fortified City, the Stone was no longer a usable pawn, but a pending catastrophe whose whereabouts were no longer known.

If there was no better solution than to subdue the Witch, Sphinx, then even if they deliberately concerned themselves with that existence, there would be no meaning――.

Vincent: [――――]

Berstetz: [Your Excellency?]

Suspicious of Vincent’s reaction, who had suddenly fallen silent, Berstetz called out to the Emperor.

At that call, Vincent shook his head with a “No”.

For a moment, a certain thought crossed his mind, but it was too slim of a possibility to include in his future plans.

Much less, with the one whose difficulty to handle was second only to the most difficult being in the Empire to rein in――.

Vincent: [――If there was any possibility of grasping the Stone’s whereabouts, it would be with someone akin to a hound with a keen nose for extraordinary prey, but that is too high of a hope.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――At the same time, somewhere in the Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

In the darkness, lying on the damp and hard ground, it remained unmoving.

It bore the weight of wounds. The exhaustion of its mind and body also played a large part. However, the greatest reason as to why it could not move was that a wound had been suffered to a part of itself far more important than the heart―― A wound to the soul, was the reason.

That which it had always continued to pray for and believe in since long ago had been denied, and felled to the ground.

From the time it was born until today, even though there was absolutely nothing that it had treasured more, it had been rejected by none other than that very treasured something.

It had lost sight of its reason, its meaning for living.

It had relinquished its own value, reason for being, and the things it could do.

But, just but, while sprawled out on the dampened ground, its chest rose and fell in respiration, and it muttered.

???: [Princess…]

To the person who had denied its meaning, as if clinging, as if praying, in a feeble voice, it muttered.

And, it merely continued to weakly mutter.

--- Chapter 32: Selection of Members ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――A blitzkrieg operation to prevent the destruction of the Vollachian Empire caused by the Great Disaster.

Now that it was clear that a head-on confrontation with the ever-reviving army of the undead was a risk that would only hasten their demise, a swift-strike settlement was required.

Since they could not afford to pit large armies against each other in a decisive battle between the living and the dead, it was natural that they would choose to send a small number of elite troops for a mission to assault the enemy lines.

If there was a problem, it was going to be about――,

???: [――Who will be raiding the enemy’s base of operations?]

Arms crossed, Subaru surveyed the scene while sitting on the floor in the middle of the room.

Inside a room in the Fortified City of Garkla’s great fortress, a spacious one perfect for a large group of people to assemble, Subaru’s allies, excluding those affiliated with the Empire, were gathered together.

Those who had missed the earlier meeting because they had been treating the wounded were present as well―― Ram and Garfiel, Petra and Frederica, and not to mention, Rem.

Of course, Anastasia and Julius were also there, as they were not affiliated with the Empire――,

Subaru: [I’m glad Halibel-san is also back safe and sound.]

Halibel: [Aw, it’s kind of ya ta worry ’bout me. Well, lil’ Ana’s real tough on me, so I’m honestly glad you’re appreciatin’ my efforts like that.]

Halibel, with his back against the wall and a kiseru in his mouth, smiled as he replied to Subaru’s words of encouragement.

The City-States’ strongest wolfperson had confronted the black dragon that appeared before the undead attacked during the battle on the coupled dragon carriages―― he was credited with the victory of keeping the dragon zombie at bay.

Thanks to him keeping the dragon zombie from getting near the dragon carriages, the damage was kept to a minimum. He was an extraordinary shinobi, as evidenced by the fact that he had single-handedly slain a Dragon.

And at Halibel’s comment, however, Anastasia looked dissatisfied by his teasing.

Anastasia: [What’re ya on ’bout? If ya put it like that, it sounds like I’m a heartless employer. Didn’t I tell ya that you’d be paid properly for yer work?]

Halibel: [See, that’s what I’m talkin’ ’bout. She’s become an un-cute child, tryin’ ta settle everythin’ by lookin’ at gains ‘n losses… Ricardo’s permissive parentin’ policy made her a wily one, don’t’cha think?]

Anastasia: [Haaaliiibellll.]

Halibel: [Yeah, yeah, I’ll take my loss.]

The exchange of Kararagi dialect between the two was settled with a lighthearted call from Anastasia.

Although they had known each other for a long time, the ease with which they communicated was reminiscent of an older man and a little girl who were relatives. Anastasia was petite and had a baby face, but her personality was the opposite of childlike, so it was unusual to get this impression from her.

Regardless of Subaru’s impression, Halibel, who had lost in the argument with Anastasia, said, “Well, it’s what it is” to get the conversation back on track.

Halibel: [I’ve found out through fightin’ ’em that the zombies in Vollachia are a lil’ different in how they work from the zombies in Kararagi. They’re prolly a terrible match for me.]

Subaru: [The zombies are different between Vollachia and Kararagi? What do you mean? Don’t tell me there’s another cause for a zombie panic arising at this stage?]

Halibel: [Nah, ain’t no way. The impression I’m gettin’ is… the zombies in the Empire are tougher. I heard that the kid who set this up’s causin’ mischief to the Empire’s Great Spirit, so maybe it’s a distance thing.]

Subaru: [Distance…]

As he bobbed the kiseru up and down between his teeth, Halibel revealed his opinions.

The subtle difference in nuance was not clear to Subaru, who was not familiar with the undead in Kararagi. However, since someone as competent as Halibel had felt it, a difference certainly existed.

He did not want to think that zombies were truly being used for separate reasons at the same time, though.

Julius: [I get the impression that this is more a matter of being complete than of distance.]

Anastasia: [What’cha mean by that, Julius?]

Julius: [Since Halibel has described them as tough, it must be true that the zombies that have appeared in the Empire are superior in terms of ability. However, the zombies in the City-States have emerged at an earlier period. So, what we can infer from this is…]

Ram: [That Kararagi’s zombies were for practice, and Vollachia’s zombies are for the actual operation. Is that what Knight Julius is trying to say?]

Ram asked this of Julius, who, when questioned by Anastasia, had expanded upon his reasoning while touching the scar under his left eye. He straightened his back at Ram’s words, then tucked his chin in with a “Yes,”

Julius: [If my current thoughts are correct, that would explain Halibel’s impression. In addition, Halibel, may I ask why you believe that you are not a good match for the zombies of the Empire?]

Halibel: [I didn’t see ’em myself, but I heard that the zombies in the dragon carriage were multiplyin’? That black Dragon did the same thing. Ya see, the sellin’ point of my attacks’s the fact that they’re death curses, once they hit it’s lights out for good, so I ain’t compatible with opponents who stick ’round even after they kick the bucket, not at all.]

Subaru: [――――]

Halibel: [Huh? What’s with the silence?]

Subaru: [No, I was just surprised by you casually saying killing curses are your selling point.]

Halibel revealing his hand so easily had Subaru unable to believe his ears. However, the former seemed to nod his head in agreement with Subaru’s point with a “Yeah,”

Halibel: [It ain’t like anythin’ll happen even if ya know. ‘N even if ya knew, not many people’d get by without takin’ a single hit from me, right?]

Subaru: [Yeaaah~, you might seem modest, but you’re not. It’s the same with Reinhard and Ceci, feels like the strongest people of each country have that in common…]

Subaru was deeply impressed by Halibel’s confident, imposing statement.

Needless to say, Cecilus, the manifestation of approval addiction, and Reinhard, who embodied humility and sincerity as if they were the very clothes he wore, had absolute confidence in their own abilities.

In fact, if someone who was as strong as they were said “I’m nothing special”, it would not be very persuasive. It would be much more impressive if they said they were proud of that fact.

In any case——,

Emilia: [I know that Halibel-san isn’t that good at fighting those zombees … But, what should we do about that? Who should be it to storm the Imperial Capital?]

Anastasia: [Tho’ Halibel ain’t talkin’ like the strongest in Kararagi, I can still guarantee his abilities. I’m thinkin’ he should be in the assault team so he won’t get spoiled.]

Halibel: [Well, I ain’t gonna cry ‘n make a fuss sayin’ I don’t like it tho’, right?]

Halibel gave a wry smile to Anastasia, who was harsh even without any arguing.

In reality, even if his special assassin curse did not work on the zombies, Halibel’s ability to single-handedly confront the black dragon was undeniable. While considering that it was a certainty that he should be a part of the assault team, Subaru wanted to cut to the chase and, with a “May I say something?”, raised his hand.

Then――,

Subaru: [First things first, I’m joining the assault team.]

Indeed, before anyone else came forward, Subaru asserted his position.

Everyone: [――――]

All eyes gathered on Subaru, who had nominated himself, and a momentary pause was created.

Taking advantage of this void, Subaru seized the opportunity to explain why he should be a part of the mission.

Subaru: [First, it should be clear to everyone that Spica’s Authority has the power to nullify their specialty… the resurrection of the zombies . However, currently, it’s necessary for me to accompany her as her guardian so she can use it. If Halibel-san has such a hard time dealing with the resurrecting enemies, then Spica’s absolutely essential for the assault.]

During the attack on the coupled dragon carriages, Spica had made a significant contribution to the defeat of a formidable foe, the Poison Princess, Lamia Godwin.

If she could fully wield the Authority of Gluttony, she could cut off the endless Escape by Death of the resurrecting undead. In terms of defeating Sphinx, there seemed to be no better strategy than utilizing Spica.

Subaru: [Both Spica and I have irreplaceable roles… So inevitably, Beako will also have to come with me to the Imperial Capital.]

Beatrice: [That’s what was wished for, in fact. Betty doesn’t want to be separated from Subaru anymore, I suppose.]

Subaru: [I’m sorry, thanks for your help.]

Seating herself comfortably beside Subaru after he had raised his hand, Beatrice firmly grasped his raised hand in hers, signifying her agreement to accompany the assault team.

Feeling reassured by his partner’s response, Subaru glanced at Spica, the crucial part of the operation―― and Rem, whom she was holding onto.

Spica, clinging onto Rem’s waist as she hugged her, and Rem, supporting her shoulder, received Subaru’s gaze.

Rem: […Why are you looking at me with such anxious eyes?]

Subaru: [Well, I’ll be bringing Spica into danger again, and if that makes you dislike me, Rem, it’ll make my heart shatter…]

Rem: [――. It’s not like you can’t seek comfort from Emilia-san anyway, right?]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Upon hearing Subaru’s timid response, Rem averted her gaze discontentedly, muttering under her breath.

While Subaru struggled to fully grasp the meaning behind her words, Ram, standing beside her, narrowed her light-crimson eyes and said, “Rem”,

Ram: [What are you going to do? Rip Barusu into pieces?]

Subaru: [Don’t suddenly say something so disturbing, nee–sama!]

Ram: [Just kidding. If you were to tear him to pieces now, he’d just come back to life, wouldn’t he? A Barusu increasing atop corpses… A real nightmare. Disgusting.]

Subaru: [Don’t kill me without permission and then find it disgusting when I’m multiplied!]

At Ram’s Ram-like remarks, Rem smirked as she shook her head. Then, she thanked her sister with a “Thank you very much”,

Rem: [I really appreciate your concern, nee-sama. However, as nee-sama rightly said, no matter what we do now, he will just come back to life, so let’s set that aside for the moment. More importantly…]

Spica: [U?]

Rem: [Spica-chan, do you think you can work hard with that person?]

Her smirk fading away, Rem looked down at Spica who was clinging to her and asked. Spica widened her blue eyes at the inquiry, quickly adopting a resolute expression.

Being questioned about her role and what she should do, the girl, recognizing her duty, repeatedly nodding her head,

Spica: [Aau!]

And so, she nodded with such vigor.

Taking that as a voiceless affirmation, Rem made a mixed expression of bitterness and desolation. In order to express her true feelings, her voice trembled as she continued.

Rem: [If that’s true, then I also want to come with you… But, if I were to follow you as I am, my understanding is that I will only be a burden. However…]

Emilia: [——Then, you don’t need to worry, Rem.]

Rem’s earnest plea was interrupted by a reassuring voice.

Unconsciously, Rem let out an “Eh?”, and her pale blue eyes widened as she was told this by Emilia, who thumped her own chest.

Her beautiful amethyst eyes were filled with determination as she nodded to Rem.

Emilia: [I also reaaally understand your worries about that child, and about the others who’re going alongside Subaru. So, I’ll protect them so that they’ll be safe no matter what!]

Rem: [Emilia… san…]

Emilia: [Leave it to me. I’m a reaaally strong person.]

Flexing her biceps, Emilia smiled at Rem.

At the words of the overly reliable Emilia, the bewildered Rem became speechless, and her eyes began to wander around.

However——,

Otto: [No, no, no! What are you saying, Emilia-sama! Emilia-sama, you cannot go, and there is no way that I could approve of something like that!]

Emilia: [Eh!? Why not!?]

Otto: [What do you mean “why not”, do you need someone to explain it to you!?]

Emilia opened her eyes full of surprise, but it was Otto who was even more surprised at her.

Otto, who had seemed to be constantly frowning since joining forces with the Empire, finally revealed his typical flustered face—— that, would be a laughable way of putting it.

In actuality, Otto’s opinion this time was far more appropriate than that of Emilia’s.

Otto: [No matter how much you may want to go, this is a mission to march into the most dangerous part of the Empire, right? I absolutely cannot send Emilia-sama out there.]

Garfiel: [Hol’ up there, Ottobro. If ya wanna talk about dangerous places, why didn’t’cha just say that when we first entered Vollachia?]

Otto: [That may be hard to deny, but this is a matter concerning the magnitude of the danger. Natsuki-san is right, the Imperial Capital is the enemy’s core… their stronghold. The protection of a village with no strategic value cannot have a similar sturdiness. Without a doubt, the Imperial Capital is the most dangerous place.]

Garfiel: [Well, I guess ya got a good point.]

After having his legitimate question rebuked by a sound argument, Garfiel retracted his opinion.

Driven by this momentum, Otto turned his gaze towards Subaru and Beatrice,

Otto: [Truthfully speaking, I am also opposed to Natsuki-san and the others going. This is the Empire’s problem, so it is absurd to risk our lives for the sake of a foreign country.]

Subaru: [What an honest guy. But, I’ve said it several times…]

Otto: [I understand. You want to say that whether it be the Kingdom or Empire, it matters not where it happens. Since the Witch’s aim reaches Lugunica, that is also my opinion. If she were to appear near my hometown, however, then I would much rather that the Empire become a wasteland.]

Subaru: [You’re not hiding your blatantly strong kinship anymore, are you?]

Otto usually had a serious face, but weighing the advantages and disadvantages of getting involved in the Vollachian Empire’s affairs seemed to not balance out in his mind. That was why he was constantly in disagreement.

But, just as Otto had understood, for Subaru, this was not a matter of which land was being affected.

Even Subaru disliked the Vollachian Empire, but there were people that he had grown to love in this Empire which he despised. For their sake, he wanted to do everything he could for them.

And it was for that reason that——,

Subaru: [——Not just Spica, but I also need to go to the Imperial Capital.]

Subaru’s rush to volunteer for this was, of course, to ensure that Spica’s Authority was fully realized by traveling with her as her guardian.

However, his biggest reason for going to this largest battlefield, the Imperial Capital, was—— as would be expected from that place, to overturn the inevitable Death which someone might face, to paint over the tapestry of fate.

To garner the support of all the gladiators from the Gladiator Island, Subaru had gone through a lot of trouble.

But it was well worth it. Were there to be a promised reward, Subaru would not hesitate to take it.

Betty: [Betty also doesn’t want Subaru doing anything dangerous, in fact.]

And there, Beatrice, who had spoken on Subaru’s behalf, towards Otto, who looked at both Subaru and herself, began to express her thoughts.

With that characteristic pattern in Beatrice’s blue eyes, while making contact with Otto’s eyes that looked towards her,

Beatrice: [But, the strength of that girl will be useful in dismantling the Sacrament of the Immortal King, I suppose. And, in the unlikely event that we need to seal Sphinx, Betty’s strength will be needed, in fact.]

Subaru: [Seal, huh?]

Beatrice: [If Spica’s Authority does not work, there will be no choice but to use a method to seal her moves and stop her rampage, I suppose. If she commits suicide in order to escape, it’ll be the start of a never-ending chase, in fact. In order to prevent that, it will be time for Betty’s magic to come into play, I suppose.]

With one hand holding onto Subaru’s, Beatrice stuck out her other free hand.

As he looked at the round hands of the young girl, Subaru’s mind was filled with a scene as Beatrice spoke about the “Seal”―― the successful capture of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Roy Alphard, at Pleiades Watchtower.

Roy’s entire body had been hardened like wax by Yin Magic, and he was restrained in a state where he could not move or even think.

Subaru: [That’s right, the Witch of Envy was captured via the same seal…]

Betty: [That’s right, in fact. It’s the reliable and proven Witch seal, I suppose. If sealing Sphinx is essential to controlling this situation, sorry about you and Petra, but Betty and Subaru are indispensable, in fact.]

With Beatrice covering for him from a magical standpoint, Subaru sneaked a glance at Otto, as well as at Petra, who was standing with Frederica, opposite to him.

Petra, who had grown more reliable and promising in the time since he last saw her, was understandably unwilling to let Subaru return to the Imperial Capital in his shrunken state.

However, she was smart enough to understand the validity of Beatrice’s opinion, that if the undead army was not stopped here, the damage would increase exponentially.

For the sake of that, she sighed reluctantly, and then,

Petra: [Of course it’d turn out like this.]

Subaru: [Petra…]

Petra: [Just like Rem-san, I’m not in a position to come along… At least it’ll be a huge help that Beatrice-chan will go as a chaperone.]

Subaru’s heart ached for the overly understanding girl, whose anxiety was caused by none other than himself. Beatrice nodded her head in assurance of Petra’s trust.

Beatrice: [How Petra feels is certainly understandable, I suppose. As long as Betty is around, she won’t allow harm near Subaru, in fact.]

Petra: [Yup, thank you, Beatrice-chan.]

Emilia: [That’s right. Beatrice being with Subaru makes me happy and relieved. But, I would feel more at ease if the two of them and I were together…]

Otto: [Emilia-sama…]

Emilia: [Errr…]

Following the beautiful friendship between Beatrice and Petra, Emilia tried to stubbornly impose her opinion in a not-at-all-successful way, and was shot down by Otto’s steely gaze.

However, as mentioned before, Subaru also believed that Otto’s opinion was correct on this matter.

Subaru wanted to grant Emilia whatever she wished if he could, but granting this wish would take Emilia straight into the most dangerous place in the Empire.

On the other hand, Garfiel had a point.

In the first place, there was no doubt that the Empire was dangerous when they had arrived, and even if she were to remain in Garkla, her personal safety would not be guaranteed.

In that sense, the ideal situation would be to keep everyone Subaru knew close to himself――.

Roswaal: [――I am in favor of adding Emilia-sama to the group that is going into the Imperial Caaapital~.]

Frederica: [Master!?]

But then, unexpectedly, an opinion arose that was one-hundred-and-eighty degrees different from the one that had come before.

Frederica had been so startled by that opinion that she could not believe her ears as she raised her voice with a look of disbelief on her face. But, while it was only Frederica who had voiced it first, most of the people present could not hide their surprise at that opinion―― Roswaal’s statement.

Amidst the surprise that reigned, it was Anastasia who recovered relatively quickly. Frowning as she stroked her fox scarf,

Anastasia: [That’s a surprisin’ opinion. Surely, I would’ve thought that y’all were unanimously against it, except for Emilia-san.]

Roswaal: [Being that Emilia-sama is the representative of the Camp, it’s a pity that her opinion isn’t being listened to… Well, juuust~ kidding. I didn’t mean to be a prankster and gooo~ against the grain, either.]

Otto: […Allow us to hear it.]

Roswaal shrugged his shoulders, and Otto urged him onward with his emotionless voice and expression.

Both Subaru and the person being supported, Emilia, waited with bated breath for Roswaal’s thoughts. Roswaal, under the scrutiny of those around him, closed an eye, leaving only the yellow one open,

Roswaal: [It’s not difficult. In this alliance with the Empire, Emilia-sama’s ability is a powerful asset for us to propose. If it were Anastasia-sama who were to tell her to go ahead, we would all stop her, but Emilia-sama is nooot~ like that. In fact, we all approved of Emilia-sama’s involvement in the war before the zombies even showed up.]

Emilia: [Yeah, true! You know, I fought Madelyn and Mezoreia that time, too, and I made it back without a hitch!]

Otto: [This situation is different from that. What is required is a surprise attack by a small number of elites, and Emilia-sama’s over-the-top… bold fighting style is not suited for that.]

Roswaal: [She has more than enough to make up for that. And if Emilia-sama is there, even if the operation fails, then rebuilding can be incorporated into the operation. She could freeze half of the city, wouldn’t you agree?]

This was an outrageous statement by Roswaal, who held up one finger, but it was not surprisingly over the top.

Emilia’s abilities as a unit were hard to replace, she had a ridiculous amount of Mana that she could provide on her own, and super long-range skills that she could make full use of.

In short, Emilia could turn the battlefield into a snowy landscape all by herself and run around in the extreme cold, all while being cute and energetic. In order to make ideal use of her overwhelming fighting ability, Subaru had devised Ice Brand Arts, which was also recognized by Roswaal.

In fact, there was no doubt that Emilia was one of the Camp’s strongest fighting assets.

After being one of the major participants in the events surrounding Pleiades Watchtower and the decisive battle at the Imperial Capital, keeping Emilia out of harm’s way was not a convincing argument at the moment.

In addition, Roswaal had a conviction only he could possess.

That was――,

Roswaal: [Subaru-kun would be more motivated if Emilia-sama were with him, riiight~?]

Subaru: [You…]

With that clearly malevolent smile from Roswaal, Subaru could not help but bite his lip.

It was obvious that the tacked-on remark was making fun of Subaru’s Authority―― of Return by Death, which only Roswaal knew about.

Roswaal had no idea that Death was the trigger for Subaru to go back in time, but he knew that Subaru had a secret trick of the likes up his sleeve.

For Emilia’s sake, there was also the certainty that he would not let this trick go to waste.

Roswaal’s calculations were correct.

Subaru would use Return by Death if something happened to anyone, but if Emilia were to come along, Subaru’s eagerness and desperation would be everything that Roswaal wanted and more.

However, only people like Roswaal could be persuaded by such circumstances.

Frederica: [Master, I, like Otto-sama, am against Emilia-sama going.]

Despite this, the opposition was not swayed by hearing Roswaal’s viewpoint.

Even Frederica, who was among the members of the Camp who tended to side with Roswaal, was opposed to Emilia joining the team, emphasizing the dangers of the situation.

However――,

Frederica: [Of course, I am aware that Emilia-sama is stronger than Otto-sama and I will ever be, but still, she is way too important――]

Roswaal: [――So I will accompany them. Is that right to saaay~?]

Frederica: [Huh?]

Unable to find an agreement after all, Frederica’s eyes widened upon hearing this refutation.

Roswaal made a brief but unmistakable declaration as he waved both of his lifted hands for all to see,

Roswaal: [I will accompany Emilia-sama and the rest of the team to the Imperial Caaapital~. Fortunately, now that I no longer have to hide my true identity, I’ll be able to show off my skills, both great and small.]

Emilia: [Huh, Roswaal is coming? Umm, are you coming with us?]

Roswaal: [Are you surprised?]

Emilia: [Well, I always had the impression that you were always just relaxing in your mansion, Roswaal.]

Roswaal gave a wry smile at Emilia’s genuinely astonished reaction.

Although “relaxing” was a rather Emilia-like expression, Roswaal was usually not there to solve problems since he was often the cause of them, and because he was an unreliable ally to begin with.

However, it would make no sense for Roswaal to betray their trust under these circumstances.

Considering that there was no possibility of Roswaal plotting some dark scheme within the Empire, in a sense, they could trust Roswaal here much more than they could in the Kingdom.

Subaru: [It makes you wonder what kind of ally is more trustworthy in another country…]

Upon hearing that Roswaal would be accompanying them, it seemed to Subaru that the proposal had nothing but merits, except for the rather disgusted look on Beatrice’s face.

If one was talking about the strongest members of the Camp, Roswaal was undeniably one of them.

Otto: [I, also――]

For a moment, Otto suddenly started to say something.

Yet, the words he was about to say were interrupted by grinding teeth, so Otto took a deep breath, and exhaled,

Otto: [Garfiel! Please accompany Natsuki-san and the rest!]

Garfiel: [――. Ya sure ’bout that? A bit of a “the Three Knights’re on their merry way” going on here, all the strong ones’re gonna be there.]

Otto: [Since we made it this far, it would be folly to do a half-baked effort. In that respect, I do not like the fact that it is in the hands of the Margrave.]

Roswaal: [Otto-kun is always thinking too much of me, iiisn’t~ he?]

Roswaal put on a relaxed smile and Otto put his hand on his forehead. Garfiel, seeing his brother’s distress, gnashed his fangs and put his fists together in front of his chest.

With a dry thud, Garfiel stomped the floor with gusto,

Garfiel: [Aight, then. I’ll be takin’ Otto-bro’s worries, Petra’s worries, and also Sis’s worries all together with my amazin’ self.]

Ram: [Garf, Ram’s worries are missing.]

Garfiel: [I don’t wanna bring your concern for Roswaal with me!]

Ram: [Truly a fool. There’s no need to worry about Roswaal-sama. Ram is worried for you.]

Although Garfiel had made his choice readily and determinedly, the singular jab he received from Ram had caused his momentum to shrivel up with a “Rawr…”.

After displaying her sinful tendency to lead Garfiel on, Ram then glanced at Roswaal, who had volunteered to be a part of the invading force,

Ram: [Please, to your heart’s content. Kindly put on a show for the Empire with your powers.]

Roswaal: [Sure thing. The Empire has too little respect for magic, after aaall~.]

In response to his smile, Ram lifted the skirt of her traveling outfit to perform a curtsy.

Staring at the interaction in which a certain amount of trust, neither excessive nor insufficient, had been exchanged, Emilia blinked her eyes, having been left behind by the flow of the conversation.

Emilia: [Erm, so, Roswaal and Garfiel are coming with us, and I’m also going to invade the Imperial Capital with Subaru’s group… Is that right?]

Subaru: [Yeah, that should be alright. We put together the strongest team, just as Otto said.]

They would be bringing along Emilia, Garfiel, and Roswaal, the three most powerful people within the Emilia Camp, so it could be said that they would be performing at their highest potential as an allied faction.

Subaru was worried about the prospect that the trio of him, Beatrice, and Spica would become a burden to them.

Subaru: [And then Halibel-san also joins the team, huh. All that’s left is――]

Julius: [――Subaru.]

Just as Subaru was about to declare the team as one undoubtedly made up of their strongest members, he turned around upon hearing someone calling for him.

The one who had called for him was a man who had not been included among the names that were mentioned. Moreover, if only the strongest were to be gathered, then he was unmistakably someone that Subaru wanted in such a team.

However, the man in his traditional Japanese clothing, with his handsome face, had made an affirmation with a look of dignity in his eyes.

Julius: [I will stay by Anastasia-sama’s side. Drawing the enemy’s eyes towards the Fortified City will assist your break-in, will it not?]

Subaru: [――――]

Julius: [Of course, those whom His Excellency the Emperor places his trust in will bear the responsibility of defending the city, but I plan to be of assistance as well. Most of all…]

There, he―― Julius cut off his words for a moment, and cast a glance at Anastasia, who was beside him.

In order to search for the missing Subaru and company, Anastasia had pushed herself to come running all the way to Vollachia. Along with Subaru’s feelings of gratitude towards her, it was necessary for her to return safely without question.

Therefore, Julius made an unequivocal statement.

Julius: [I am Anastasia-sama’s one and only Knight, after all.]

Subaru silently took in a breath at those self-assured words, cloudless and invigorated to the point that it was spectacular.

It was because Subaru understood. That was a statement Julius had made to indicate where he stood, and at the same time, it was to light a fire under Subaru, who was also in the same position as him.

――A shove in the back to protect Emilia, just as Julius would protect Anastasia.

Subaru: [I’m telling you, just because you stay here doesn’t mean you can take it easy. If you let your guard down, you’re going to get humbled like you got humbled with Reid.]

Julius: [How daunting. Even now, I tremble in fear whenever I gaze at the wound on my face in the mirror.]

Subaru: [The hell are you saying!]

Laughing off Julius’s banter in that manner, Subaru practically jumped to his feet on the spot.

Like that, he surveyed the entire group with his eyes, and went on to reconfirm.

Subaru: [Me, Beako, and Spica are going. Emilia-tan, Garfiel, and Roswaal will be there, and Halibel-san’s also gonna be a member of the team, too.]

Emilia: [Mhm, let’s do our best. Since Ram’s group and Anastasia-san’s group are staying behind, please be very careful of the zombees .]

Anastasia: [Y’all are the ones breakin’ into the core of the castle, so I’m gonna lose face with’cha tellin’ me that. But, dependin’ on how much we can be flashy with attractin’ our customers, the difficulty of yer mission will change. It’s our time to shine, ain’t it?]

As if her merchant’s spirit had been stirred, Anastasia responded with an evil grin.

Feeling reassured by that, Subaru clenched his fists at the imminent battle that would be decisive for the Empire.

No matter what, they would dedicate their best effort to prevent the Great Disaster.

For that reason, they had to hurry towards the Imperial Capital.

If he were to be asked why, it was because――,

Subaru: [――If, at any time, Ceci decides to slay a thousand, or even ten thousand people carelessly, at the place he was left behind, and the Great Spirit’s Mana runs out and the Empire gets destroyed because of it… That’s gonna be absolutely terrible.]

In that case, it would be impossible to tell whether it was Subaru’s fault for taking Cecilus along with him, or a price the Empire had to pay for leaving that guy unattended up until now.

--- Chapter 33: Verdict on Love ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Governor of the Gladiator Island Ginunhive, Gustav Morello.

There was an immense significance in receiving that position from the almighty Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire.

In Vollachia, where the teaching that “the people of the Empire must be strong” was lived and breathed, the role of the shows held on the island, utilizing the gladiators, was exceedingly important in these times of peace.

Those were not simply for the purpose of amusement, but so that in the reign of the current Emperor, who extinguished even the smallest fires of the live coals known as internal strife, the human nature of the imperial peoples would not be overly distanced from “combat”, so that their fangs would not be dulled.

It was not as though the Emperor had so plainly declared that, but when Gustav was appointed as Governor by the Emperor Vincent Vollachia, he grasped that such were the professional duties he must fulfill.

In reality, following that through, Gustav had come to fulfill that better than any of his predecessors in the long line of Governors of the Island. ――Until today.

Gustav: [――I, Gustav Morello, accompanied by the gladiators of Ginunhive, have successfully converged.]

Before the Emperor who cast his gaze down upon him, before Vincent Vollachia, Gustav placed all four of his arms as a Multi-Arm Tribesman on the ground, and spoke as he kneeled.

――The great civil war that shook the entire Empire; its premise had completely collapsed with the interference of the dead.

In order to escape the hosts of savage undead, the citizens of the Imperial Capital and the surrounding areas had been simultaneously evacuated, and without distinction, the warriors of the regular army and rebel army had been forced to cooperate in order to oppose the ruin.

The evacuation of the excess refugees was still proceeding, but even so, the Fortified City of Garkla was accommodating more than half of the total refugees. As a part of that large number of evacuees, right after they had entered Garkla, Gustav had been granted audience with Vincent.

Gustav: [――――]

In a room of the large fortress, next to the kneeling Gustav, Idra Missanga wore a puzzled expression.

The group of outlaws that was the gladiator gang had changed their name to the Pleiades Battalion, and with Natsuki Schwartz as their head, Gustav had served the role of military advisor. And in that role of military advisor, Gustav had chosen Idra to assist him in jobs other than rampaging.

Among the gladiators whom Schwartz had an especially close relationship with, Idra happened to have a suitable amount of prudence and composure, and was an exceedingly useful treasure in the group of ruffians.

Be that as it may, when abruptly brought before His Excellency the Emperor, that composure could not be demonstrated.

Vincent: [In regards to your activities, I have received a report from Zikr Osman. That person… Natsuki Schwartz, was also chirpily boasting about your achievements.]

Idra: [Chirpily… Ah]

Perhaps because he was overly tense, Idra subconsciously voiced that, and his face went pale.

Narrowing his sable eyes, Vincent was famous for the fierce nature on the other side of his handsome, delicate appearance. For the Imperial Citizens who only knew of the Emperor through rumors, it was understandable that they would be prepared to die with just his gaze being turned to them.

However, as Gustav looked up to Vincent while still kneeling,

Gustav: [Your Excellency the Emperor, this is Idra Missanga. He is a gladiator, but he assists myself, as the official, with work that others are incapable of. Please, depending on if the current conflict is resolved, your pardon would be――]

Vincent: [You are unusually talkative, Gustav Morello. But…]

Idra: [――Uh.]

Vincent: [If he says you are valuable, then it must be so. Endeavor to the utmost. If you are going to speak about what comes after the war, leave behind achievements and a life that can be discussed after the war.]

Idra: [U-understood! I am grateful and delighted!]

With so much excess momentum that his forehead slammed against the floor, Idra resolutely prostrated himself on the spot.

Idra was so deeply moved by the feeling of narrowly escaping death that he could not see his surroundings, but as a mere son of a miller, he did not realize just how extraordinary the words Vincent had spoken to him were.

Of course, Gustav thought that he had contributed enough to be deserving of that, but at the same time, he noticed a change in Vincent―― That was, the tolerance he showed towards others.

From the very start, Vincent was the Wise Emperor, perhaps even too wise an Emperor.

Therefore, when faced with someone who could not share in the exceptionally perceptive sight of the Emperor, Vincent was rather cold-hearted. For that reason, the people around him were urged to stake their lives on the line in the endeavor to try and understand what the Emperor saw.

The Emperor had deemed that acceptable; however it seemed as if he had lost just that.

Vincent: [However, you have made quite the bold move, have you not?]

Suddenly, as if to sever Gustav’s contemplation, Vincent spoke.

At the Emperor’s sentence, Gustav, still kneeling, closed his mouth with his fangs still sticking out, and awaited Vincent’s next words.

As Vincent narrowed his sable eyes at Gustav’s silence,

Vincent: [My order to you ought to have been the duty of the Gladiator Island’s Governor. To think that you have abandoned that duty during this emergency, spearheading the Island’s gladiators to advance far east to the Imperial Capital… How dare such a person bring their one and only head before the Emperor, where it is natural to tremble?]

Sitting in a large chair, Vincent spoke these words with his chin resting in his hand atop the armrest; to the side, Idra could be heard making a noise with his throat.

It was a situation in which the height of disrespect had been directed toward the Emperor, in which any Imperial Citizen would be pessimistic that their life had been lost.

Gustav: [――. May I have the privilege of clarifying a few things?]

Vincent: [I shall allow it. However, choose your words carefully. Even if you lose two arms, you would still be able to continue working as an ordinary person, correct?]

But, Gustav did not succumb to such pessimism, and instead discourteously responded to the Emperor. With a gaze that could be described as sadistic or inflammatory, Vincent allowed it.

Before him, Gustav was astonished with how calm he was. Being inclined to act this way was likely the influence of the courageous boy who was more fearless than anybody else.

Gustav: [Your Excellency the Emperor, you have stated that, in my capacity, I have abandoned the duty of Governor, but in reality that is not the case. And in addition, the one spearheading the gladiators is not me, as the official, but――]

Vincent: [It is not you?]

Gustav: [――It is the honorable son of Your Excellency the Emperor.]

Vincent’s reaction at that moment was likely something that Gustav would never forget for the rest of his life.

Vincent: [――――]

In an instant, Vincent’s sable eyes widened, and he made a wretchedly uncouth expression.

That reaction could not be accurately described with any other words than “being attacked in an unguarded moment”. It was evidence that for Vincent, both the speaker and the content spoken went far beyond his expectations.

Vincent placed his hand over his mouth and erased that rare expression, then,

Vincent: [I had evaluated your devotion to your professional duties as having no leeway.]

Gustav: [In my capacity, I am in agreement. But, if things had proceeded in line with the thoughts of Your Excellency the Emperor and myself, as the official, I would be doing nothing but watching over this major crisis of the Empire from the far reaches of the west.]

Perhaps, if Schwartz had not outrageously seized control of the Gladiator Island, Gustav would still be remaining on the Island during this major crisis of the Empire, fully immersed in his duty of managing the gladiators.

Even if something had happened to Vincent in the Imperial Capital, he would have obediently performed the professional duties appointed to him; perhaps, he would have even thought of producing results that nobody would appraise as some sort of farewell gift.

That such a thing had not come to pass, that such a version of himself had not been left behind, relieved him from the bottom of his heart.

Instigated by Schwartz, he had interpreted the Emperor’s order in a rather self-centered way―― That he could decide for himself whether this was the “emergency”, even if it was the result of perverting it to the fullest extent in order to hasten to the Imperial Capital, that was the case.

Vincent: [――Then the Emperor would have perished along with the Imperial Capital, and he would have likely put you lot to good use.]

Gustav: [Your Excellency the Emperor?]

Contrary to Gustav, who thought he could affirm his own judgment regardless of whether it was correct or not, Vincent’s spoken words sounded pregnant with some other speculation.

But, Vincent did not try to touch upon the speculation that had shown itself.

Instead, Vincent shook his head, and,

Vincent: [That shall do fine, I shall go along with what you say. In the midst of this situation contending for the survival of the Empire, magnificently exert yourself to win pardon for the gladiators, and to keep your own position. ――Stand down.]

Gustav: [Yessir. As much as my arms allow, in my capacity, I shall work myself until my body is ruined.]

Between Gustav and Vincent, there was a mutual understanding that they were treating this as the “emergency”.

Whether Gustav had deviated from the professional duties of Governor of the Gladiator Island or not would be proved by the work done by Gustav himself and the Pleiades Battalion from here on out.

He did not have the confidence that they could definitely accomplish that. But, at this moment, Gustav thought that he would at least finish things without regretting what Schwartz had instigated.

Indeed, it was at the moment that Gustav slightly contorted the ends of his mouth, and was about to excuse himself from before the Emperor.

Idra: [W-with all due respect, Your Excellency the Emperor, there’s a question I’d like to… Hk]

With his forehead rubbing against the floor, Idra suddenly began to speak, causing Gustav to reflexively gasp.

With a quivering voice, with discourtesy, Idra spoke so to Vincent, skillfully tilting his head upwards in his prostrated position, and directed his eyes, still on the verge of tears, to the Emperor.

Idra, who had displayed his willpower in the Sparka of the Island, possessed admirable courage, but refusing to yield after being ordered to stand down by the Emperor was, as expected, an exceedingly outrageous action that did not value his own life.

However――,

Vincent: [――What is it?]

At Vincent’s unthinkable response, Gustav was utterly flabbergasted once more.

At that great opportunity, Idra extended his arms without hesitation, and he did not miss his chance. Like a gladiator, making full use of their instincts during a critical moment on which their life was staked, Idra moved his parched lips, and released the prompted question.

That was――,

Idra: [Your Excellency, after this battle, what do you intend to do to your honorable son… to Prince Schwartz?]

Gustav: [Missanga!?]

It was an inappropriate and ill-timed question that nobody except the bravest person in the whole Empire would be able to ask.

The rumor of the black-haired Crown Prince that had arisen all across the lands was inseparable from the great civil war that would be left in the history of the Empire, at least before the circumstances were painted over with the battle between the living and the dead.

Originally, the details behind the start of the Pleiades Battalion were that Schwartz had expressed his determination to clash with Vincent, so that was the overall objective of the battalion.

Therefore, it was natural for Idra to desire that answer from Vincent.

The problem was, that was an ultimate disrespect that posed a very real threat to his life, but Idra was so overwhelmed by tension that he was unable to recognize that.

Gustav: [――――]

During the moment of silence that was yielded, Gustav became aware of the rare discomposure within himself.

Thinking back on it, all of his discomposure in recent memory had been due to either Schwartz or Cecilus; for Idra to be added to that list was an event that made the world seem bleak.

Unconsciously, even Gustav tried to escape from the reality unfolding before his eyes――,

Vincent: [――Idra Missanga.]

Vincent’s lips called out Idra’s name.

Receiving that, not just Idra, but Gustav also gazed in wonder, and they both gulped down their saliva. Before the two of them, the Emperor rearranged his crossed legs, and continued.

Vincent: [It is not my place to be concerned with the validity of his actions.]

Vincent’s answer could not be said to have a comprehensible meaning.

The notion that Vincent, who stood at the apex of this Empire, did not have the right to make a decision regarding Schwartz’s position; there was nobody who could be satisfied upon being told that.

But, more than that, Idra could not be permitted to continue persisting.

Vincent: [Stand down while your head is still attached to your torso. ――Any more than this shall be disrespect.]

Having overlooked everything until now, the Emperor now explicitly drew a clear line; with that as a start, Gustav hurriedly hoisted up Idra with two of his arms, and used his other two arms to close his mouth.

With Idra, who was likely the luckiest man in this Fortified City, or perhaps even in this Empire tonight, being carried in his arms, Gustav gave a very deep bow to Vincent.

And then――,

Gustav: [I sincerely beg for your honorable mercy on Prince Schwartz’s honorable position.]

Sharing in Idra’s good luck, Gustav used it to his advantage and left behind that final comment, and the curtain was closed on the act of explaining their departure from the Gladiator Island.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [So, he was even able to cause Gustav Morello to speak in such a manner. That man is someone I am incapable of fully reading.]

Gustav had carried Idra like a criminal, and departed while adding a comment that would have been fine if left unsaid. Seeing off that back, Vincent quietly sighed.

Not only had he been unexpectedly sent to the Gladiator Island, but he had twisted the thoughts of all the gladiators there, and of Gustav, who was honestly devoted to his professional duties; that fact deserved praise.

To be honest, no matter how much the person in question may deny it, his actions were to the extent that him not being a Stargazer seemed not to make any logical sense.

Anyhow――,

Vincent: [Even if they are included in the city’s defenses, it shall be far from stable. We must not cut corners in selecting the offense against the Imperial Capital, but…]

Vincent had many thoughts on how they ought to be handled.

The personnel from the Kingdom’s side were being selected by their own intelligent individuals, and in an alliance with them, this side also needed to turn over a suitable hand. Berstetz and Serena would remain in the Fortress City, and regarding tactics, Goz’s presence would function more than well enough.

In the sense of plain fighting strength, the shortage of the personnel joining the strike force would hurt, but――,

Vincent: [The personnel who triumph in large-scale tactics are irreplaceable. That point likely has more value than if ten Ceciluses were left behind… There being ten of him would be nothing short of a nightmare, but I suppose the reason why he has still yet to converge is that something in the Imperial Capital has piqued his curiosity. Him causing the destruction of our country is something I would like to avoid.]

Everyone who was aware of the level of danger posed by the Stone and Cecilus’s nature harbored the same fear; that Cecilus would massacre the undead, sucking the mana of the Great Spirit dry.

Similar to how Halibel had suppressed the black dragon at the coupled dragon carriages, he did not think Cecilus would lag behind the undead even if his limbs were shorter, but the very fact that he would not lag behind was the very problem.

Vincent: [Supposing that causes the ruination of the country, I suppose it would be that damn Chisha’s responsibility for picking him up that day. The very notion of his predictions being off the mark is a nice feeling, but…]

He was not enough of a madman to laugh in delight because of that, and it was unclear if there was even enough time to be laughing in delight.

Indeed, right as Vincent reaffirmed within himself the reason for hastening――,

???: [――Oi, hold on! I told ya that I can’t let ya in, Most Honorable Empress Consort!]

???: [Like! I! Said! I still haven’t said that I’m okay with that!]

Hearing a sudden loud voice from beyond the door, an odd flavor was mixed into Vincent’s contemplation.

A hoarse, clamorous voice and an angry, shrill voice sounded, and as Vincent lifted his face, before him was the door being vigorously thrown open from the other side.

???: [Abel-chin! Gimme a minute!]

Vincent: [I shall not.]

Having kicked open the door and marched in, it was a tall woman with fluttering, long blonde hair. Stepping forth before the Emperor with two barbarian swords fastened to her waist, it was Medium O’Connell who brazenly performed that outrageous action which seemed to be devoid of sanity.

Behind Medium, Jamal Aurélie, who had been positioned in front of the door, wore a deplorable expression, and Vincent pierced him with a chilly gaze.

Vincent: [I ordered you to only let through the ones which I said to let through, did I not?]

Jamal: [Y-yes, that’s true, but… When the person is the Most Honorable Empress Consort, a low-ranking soldier like me ain’t got a clue on what to do… hk]

Vincent: [In that case, if a General of higher rank were to appear bearing the spirit of rebellion, you would be powerless?]

Jamal: [Yes! No! Since between Your Excellency and a General, I think Your Excellency is definitely higher. But, I don’t really understand the position of Most Honorable Empress Consort… that’s all!]

While his vulgarity was always on display, Jamal showed that he was carefully selecting his words. At his response, Vincent decided to give up on it for now, and looked at Medium, who stood in an imposing way.

Medium, who had marched in with heavy breathing, gave a very different impression to what he had heard.

Vincent: [I had heard that you had confined yourself in a room, and were whimpering to yourself.]

Medium: [Who said that I was whimpering! That’s not like me at all! Though, just a little… I may have cried just a little…!]

Vincent: [It was your brother, Flop O’Connell.]

Medium: [Big bro! Big bro! Why did you say such a thing~!?]

???: [That is quite simple, dear sister. Of course, in anticipation of the forthcoming conflict between honorable consorts, it is so that His Excellency the Emperor-kun will have a strong concern and desire to protect Medium!]

Medium vigorously turned around, and prompted by her, Flop ungrudgingly confessed his plan with a foolish look on his face.

Vincent no longer said anything to Jamal, who had just let Flop pass freely, but he did not have the time to go along with the sibling quarrel that was beginning here.

Medium: [I said it to Jamal-chin as well but, I haven’t agreed to that! It’s not that I hate Abel-chin, but I don’t know what I would do as the Most Honorable Empress Consort!]

Flop: [I see, I see. But, dear sister. You’re my little sister, but did you become my sister while knowing what a sister ought to do? Or did you become my sister without knowing anything in particular… Am I wrong?]

Medium: [Huh? Eh, now that you mention it…]

Flop: [In that case, it isn’t important whether you know how to become something or not. What matters is the feelings of trying to become that thing, and the surrounding environment. You could even say that the foundations of a little sister and the Most Honorable Empress Consort are the same thing!]

Medium: [Ohh~! I get it, you’re incredible, big bro… You aren’t deceiving me, right, big bro!?]

After being tricked for just a moment, Medium furiously lashed out, and Flop said “I guess there’s no helping it~” as he placed his hand on the forehead of his sodden face.

Though, it did not seem like a sudden occurrence of a quarrel between siblings.

Vincent: [Come not before me with matters that you have not even settled amongst yourselves. I am busy. Jamal, take them away.]

Medium: [Ah, waitwait! Right now it doesn’t matter whether I’m the Most Honorable Empress Consort or not! Wanting Abel-chin to give me a minute wasn’t about that…]

Vincent: [What is it?]

Medium: [I also want to go to the Imperial Capital!]

With a firm sound, Medium struck her hand against her chest, and clearly stated her request.

Hearing that request, Vincent furrowed his brow. Then, next to Medium, who wore a brave expression, Flop raised a finger and said “May I?”,

Flop: [You might be surprised by such a sudden thing, but this isn’t just an idea that my sister came up with. Right before we arrived at this town, the one we saw in that dragon carriage at the end…]

Vincent: [――Balleroy Temeglyph, was it?]

Flop: [Yeah, that’s right.]

As Flop nodded without surprise, Vincent recalled the final conflict on the coupled dragon carriages.

Subaru had made the girl whom he had started to call Spica do something, and as a result, the resurrection of the undead Lamia became defective, and Vincent stabbed her with his own hands.

Then, controlling a deceased flying dragon, the one who had taken away Vincent’s sister who was dying once again was the Magical Sharpshooter, Balleroy Temeglyph.

Having laid eyes upon Balleroy there, Medium had certainly said something.

Medium: [Ballebro…]

In a weak, feeble voice, Medium muttered so.

Her voice quavering, she had called that out to the fleeing Balleroy many times over.

Flop: [Medium and I have an old fellowship with Balleroy. In the past, he helped us out a lot at High Countess Dracroy’s place. For Balleroy to be there… there’s no way we could have ever expected to reunite with him in such a way.]

Vincent: [To call that a reunion, would be perhaps a bit too ironic.]

In response to Vincent’s words, Flop spoke “Yeah” in a voice that was unusually somber for him.

Medium and Flop, the two of them harbored complex feelings regarding the undead Balleroy; if someone they were very close with had appeared in a form completely different to when they were alive, the heartache incurred was something Vincent could understand.

But――,

Vincent: [――――]

Vincent would never disclose that he could sympathize with those emotions, no matter what.

At the very least, he had given his resurrected sister her last rites by his own hand.

Vincent: [So, how does the relationship between you siblings and Balleroy connect to your previous request?]

Medium: [Abel-chin is smart, so you should know what I’m trying to say, right? But the way you just said that had a really unpleasant feeling, so it’d be better if you stopped with that.]

Vincent: [――――]

Medium: [I wanna meet Ballebro and talk to him. Even if I have no clue what he’s thinking, having become like that, I wanna talk to him. After all…]

At first she was vigorous, however, gradually faltering, she chose words to try and accurately convey the feelings in her heart; as Medium did so, her words came to a pause.

The most important words, in order to choose them in the most accurate way possible, she earnestly contemplated, and,

Medium: [After all, I wanted to become Ballebro’s bride.]

Vincent: [――. So it is naught but an emotional argument.]

Responding so to the teary-eyed Medium’s appeal, Vincent looked towards Flop.

Flop was the one who had endorsed Medium, who was still on the verge of bursting out crying, to become one of his consorts. Rather than ambition, the true motivation was likely more strongly concerned for Medium’s well-being.

Vincent: [Is not stopping your sister from heading towards such a deadly place fine with you?]

Flop: [Oyaoya, Your Excellency the Emperor-kun, it seems you don’t understand just how much my sister and I treasure our everyday conversations. Of course, before coming here I did all I could to try and stop her, but she shook me off through sheer force, and I just finished reapplying all of my bandages!]

Vincent: [In other words, she overcame you through brute force, hm? It is unexpected that she is able to disregard her brother’s recommendations.]

Medium: [I love big bro, and what big bro says is generally always correct. But, me and big bro are different people, so there are times when we wanna do different things. Now is one of those times.]

As if she could not be stopped by force or by words, Medium regained the springiness in her voice.

Witnessing her forceful appeal, Vincent pondered for a while.

In the sense of plain strength, Medium’s capabilities were just a little better than a rank-and-file Imperial Soldier.

Jamal, who could not even follow simple commands, likely had a higher level of ability with the sword. It was difficult to imagine she would make dramatic contributions to the progress of the battle, were she to be brought along.

However, on the contrary, that would mean her presence would not influence the war situation.

Vincent: [――Do as you please.]

Medium: [――! Really? Abel-chin…]

Vincent: [Do not be doubtful that your request has been accepted. Whether you are present or not shan’t impact the martial situation. But, that is exactly why you shall need to take that responsibility upon yourself.]

Medium: [That means…]

Medium was astonished by his initial response, but Vincent’s following words made her blink her eyes. Seeing Medium in such a state, Flop interjected with “In other words”,

Flop: [You will need to defend yourself. They don’t have the strength to spare in order to protect Medium, that’s what he means.]

Vincent: [Indeed. Without that resolve, throwing yourself into the maelstrom of battle would be…]

Medium: [What, in that case it’ll be okay! Needing to defend myself is something that I’ve been doing all along when I was traveling with big bro.]

Vincent: [――――]

As he tried to convey that she was mistaken if she intended to receive protection because she was a candidate for Empress Consort, Vincent’s expectations were swiftly betrayed by Medium herself.

Medium had been anxious about what she was being told, but she patted her chest in relief as if she had just been given a trivial condition.

Medium: [Jeez~, I was so nervous about what exactly you were telling me~. But, I’m glad that Abel-chin isn’t as ill-natured as I had feared.]

Being told something roughly in line with his expectations, Vincent contorted his lips into a slightly dejected expression.

At any rate, that was Medium’s declaration after having spoken her request, and comprehending the danger that would come in that situation.

If that was the case, Vincent had nothing else to add.

Vincent: [Tomorrow morning.]

Medium: [Eh?]

Vincent: [Tomorrow morning, the selected personnel shall head for the Imperial Capital. Make your preparations.]

Informing her curtly, Vincent then looked towards Flop.

Vincent: [You are not going to say that even you shall come along, are you? I shall say this now, but I have no intention of discussing whether it is right or wrong for someone who is unable to protect themself to volunteer for suicide in such a manner.]

Flop: [Thanks for your concern. As one would expect, I don’t intend to willingly go to my death. I don’t want to be an impediment to my sister either… The matter of Balleroy, I’m entrusting it to Medium.]

Medium: [Big bro…]

Vincent: [――. Though, there is no way to be confident that they shall meet.]

Without commenting on Flop’s determination, Vincent touched on the possibility that their desire might not be fulfilled.

However, at Vincent’s words, Flop gave a smile.

Flop: [Don’t worry, they’ll definitely meet.]

Vincent: [For what reason do you think so?]

Flop: [I have faith in fate. It may be ill-natured, but it shouldn’t be so tactless.]

That baseless appeal had the same persuasiveness as Medium’s earlier emotional argument.

But, Vincent avoided referring to this and that for now. If he said something, these siblings would each reply to Vincent with twice the amount he had spoken.

Besides, they would probably understand without him needing to tell them.

Medium: [Well then, Abel-chin, see you tomorrow! I’ll get bags under my eyes if I don’t get a good night’s sleep!]

With a big wave of her hand, Medium gallantly turned around.

In her bolt-upright back, there was not a single trace of the fact that she had tears in her eyes just moments before. If those were not fake tears, he could only feel that she was a girl of hectic emotions.

Then Flop, who ought to have been following Medium out, suddenly halted his step, and,

Flop: [Your Excellency the Emperor-kun, thank you.]

Vincent: [This gratitude is in regards to what, exactly?]

Flop: [For taking Medium’s… no, for taking both of our feelings into consideration. Also, for not rebuking Medium, even though she liked Balleroy. You know, since she’s a candidate to be your honorable consort.]

With a pleased look on his face, Flop touched his forehead.

For that reason, Vincent responded by snorting his nose, as if to question what Flop was saying.

Medium’s feelings of wanting to meet Balleroy; the very notion of gratitude for having not rebuked such a thing.

Vincent: [To punish love? Anyone who performs such a boorish deed must be miserable.]

Giving an awfully delighted smile at that reply, Flop was an eyesore to Vincent.

--- Chapter 34: Won’t Forgive You Until You Explain ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The morning of departure for the Imperial Capital of Lupugana had arrived.

At the entrance to the Fortified City of Garkla, refugees from the Imperial Capital and surrounding areas continued to arrive in droves throughout the morning, swelling to a number that even the cities which could accommodate the greatest numbers of people could not hold.

Everyone was busy dealing with and responding to the situation, but unfortunately, it was not a matter that anyone unaffiliated with the Empire could do or say anything about.

That was why the tasks entrusted to them needed to be accomplished properly.

If they were not done properly――,

???: [Though it really, really pains me… I cannot really be of any help to you.]

The pink-haired boy’s small shoulders scrunched up in frustration, and as if feeling the same pain he was, Emilia clenched her fists.

Emilia understood all too well the pain of not being able to do what one desired to do because one was not strong enough.

Moreover, this boy―― Schult, was a young child. Emilia, too, had been unable to be there for her loved ones when she was a child.

So, she was painfully aware of Schult’s feelings.

Schult: [Emily-sama, I entreat you. Please, I’d like you to save Priscilla-sama, Al-sama, and Heinkel-sama.]

With round eyes filled with tears, Schult begged Emilia for help.

It took a lot of courage for such a small child to hold back his tears and beg someone to help the people he loved.

It was something Emilia could not have done. So, she respected Schult’s bravery.

That was why Emilia would bring home to Schult a different ending than hers back then.

Emilia: [Yeah, leave it to me. I appreciate you asking me to do this.]

Schult: [Emily-sama…]

Emilia: [Because with this, no matter what Priscilla says to try to keep me away, I can say back to her that you asked with a please properly!]

With a thump on her own chest, Emilia reassured Schult with those words.

As Schult heard this, his round eyes widened even more, and his expression quickly brightened,

Schult: [Yes ma’am! Priscilla-sama is not being honest with herself, so I hope you will talk back to her!]

Schult’s voice regained some of its energy, even if it was a bit hollow, and Emilia, trying to match Schult’s words, nodded back firmly with a “Yes!”

???: [Em is reliable . But it’s dangerous . It’s better if Bae watches over you .]

???: […You don’t need to say anything, since that was already the intention, I suppose.]

As Emilia and Schult spoke, two little girls exchanged words with each other.

Beatrice, Emilia’s escort, and Utakata, Schult’s escort, watched Emilia and Schult’s exchange with satisfaction, then exchanged glances with each other,

Beatrice: [It’s probably not completely safe here, either, in fact. It would be a good idea to stay hidden here with your head in your hands, along with that Schult boy, so you won’t be seen, I suppose.]

Utakata: [When push comes to shove , Uu will protect Shuu and fight , and Bae will also do her best with Suu and the others .]

Beatrice: […Good grief, what an encouraging thing to say, in fact.]

Despite their outward physical appearances, as the two girls had a difference in age on the inside, they pledged to fight well and exchanged their resolve for the battle that would foretell the fate of the Vollachian Empire.

△▼△▼△▼△

And then, somewhere a little further away――,

???: [――Well, I’m off now, big bro! Big Sis Serena!]

Declaring in a lively and loud voice, Medium veered a courageous smile to the two people seeing her off.

Medium was included in the group storming the Imperial Capital, and seeing her off was her brother Flop, of course, along with the nostalgic person to whom she was greatly indebted, Serena Dracroy, whom she had reunited with on this battlefront.

Flop and Medium had been under Serena’s care for a long time at the time they had been children, and with the white scar on her face included among her beautiful features, she was bidding Medium farewell as the latter headed for the warfront.

Exactly alike to the time over five years prior, when the siblings of Flop and Medium had left her hands, departing on a journey all by themselves.

Serena: [To think that not only did Medium surpass me in height, but even in position. If you settle into the position of His Excellency’s consort with no issues, remember that you are indebted to me in plenty.]

Medium: [Jeez~, I’m trying not to think about that right now! From here on out, I’m going to meet Ballebro, so I don’t need to be doing things like thinking about Abel-chin.]

Serena: [Yeah. You aren’t that clever of a girl. That’s exactly why…]

Stepping up to Medium, Serena gently caressed the former’s cheek.

Serena was quite tall for a woman, but Medium was even taller than that. However, when Medium was before Serena being touched like this, she felt like she had returned to when she was still a little girl.

In the past, on their day of departure, Serena had also brushed Medium’s face like this. Touching the same place as where her own white scar was located, she gently traced it with her finger.

Serena: [I envy you, being able to so unwaveringly desire a dialogue with him.]

Medium: [Big Sis Serena…]

Serena: [With both Balleroy and Miles, I was unable to exchange any final words. On this occasion, too, it seems like I won’t be granted the opportunity to speak with Balleroy… Whether that’s painful, or if that’s a relief, I myself don’t know. Though, there is nothing to be afraid of.]

Fearless, was the impression Medium had of Serena.

When she had usurped the household from her father, even when he was screaming out complaints, even when he carved a lifelong wound into her face, Serena did not even change her expression; or so Medium had heard.

Serena: [That is a lie. It was painful, as were my father’s words. I simply shed blood instead of tears.]

Flop: [Umm? I wonder about that. In times that are really painful, aren’t tears something that are shed even when blood is also being shed? With that in mind, there’s no way that Countess Dracroy didn’t…]

Serena: [Be quiet, shut up.]

Silencing Flop with a chilly voice as he wracked his brain, Serena, still touching Medium’s face, narrowed her eyes and looked at the latter in a loving way.

Serena: [The scar on my face was something I needed to gain in order to be born anew. I don’t wish for you to similarly bear a wound, but I do wish for you to gain something.]

Medium: […Yes. Big Sis Serena, is there something you want to tell Ballebro? I’ll definitely deliver the message.]

Serena: [――. Yeah.]

At Medium’s determination, Serena had the resolve to give a message, and pausing for a moment, she deliberated. But, being quite a wise woman, she immediately returned an answer to Medium’s question.

That which she wished to tell Balleroy, that would be――,

Serena: [――Hurry up and sleep. Miles is complaining that it’s getting boring without you.]

In a manner truly characteristic of Serena, stern but with certain love, it was a message filled with heartfelt emotion towards someone who could neither be called her subordinate nor her sworn younger brother.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Schwartz, in the worst-case scenario, I won’t blame you if you don’t come back.]

Subaru: [Oi, oi.]

Idra said that with a serious face, and Subaru reflexively opened his eyes wide.

He quickly tried to retort with, “I can’t believe you’re making jokes at a time like this,” but Idra’s serious expression did not collapse, so he ended up missing the chance.

In place of Subaru, it was Hiain who said with his voice raised, “Don’t be sayin’ stupid shit!”

The lizardman glared at Idra, and blinking his round eyes in surprise,

Hiain: [Tell me, bastard, the fuck d’ya think ya’re sayin’! What d’ya mean it’s okay if he doesn’t come back! Don’t tell me ya’re tellin’ bro to go die, are ya!]

Idra: [Don’t get me wrong, but yeah.]

Hiain: [Huh!? I didn’t get nothin’ wrong! Ya’re a traitor! There’s a traitor among us! Bro, what the hell, this is real bad!]

Subaru: [Waitwaitwait, calm down, Hiain. Isn’t it strange for Idra to say such a thing suddenly? There’s no way.]

Idra’s face fell as Hiain lunged at him. Although he was in a very serious mood, Subaru was not so dim-witted as to take his words at face value.

Rather, his relationship with Idra was not something of that sort.

Subaru: [So, why did you say something like that? Come on, tell me why.]

Idra: […Together with Governor Gustav, I had an audience with His Excellency the Emperor. During that audience, I asked something. I asked His Excellency the Emperor what he was planning to do to you, Schwartz.]

Idra clenched his fist tightly and said this bitterly, to which Subaru responded with an “Ohh.”

He had heard that Gustav was going to talk to Abel the night before, but not that Idra would also be present there, and that he would drop quite the bombshell.

However, if Idra was indeed there, then that was a natural question to ask.

Originally, the members of the Pleaides Battalion were a group centered around Subaru, created with the objective of him delivering a wallop to the face of the Emperor, Vincent Vollachia.

It was because of the zombie panic that the situation had remained unsettled; but, once that issue was resolved, there would once again be a need to give a conclusion to the civil war.

That said, it took a lot of courage to directly question Abel about the matter.

Hiain: [R-really… Then, did the Emperor say what he’s gonna do with bro?]

Idra: [His Excellency the Emperor said, whether Schwartz lives or dies depends on his own performance…]

Hiain: [H-he’s got the damn nerve to fuckin’ mess around…! Ain’t that just mean, it depends on how the Emperor feels?]

Upon hearing the information Idra had brought back, Hiain’s voice trembled with anger.

In Subaru’s mind, he could see Abel saying that and roughly guess his intention, but to them, who did not know Abel’s personality, it would sound like an excuse to provide a reason to get rid of Subaru after the war.

Subaru: [So, is that why you told me to die?]

Hiain: [Ahh? So, ya’re betrayin’ bro and joinin’ the Emperor…]

Subaru: [That’s not it, he did that to tell me to run away, right?]

Subaru interrupted Hiain, who was extrapolating way too much, and Idra nodded at his words.

And as Idra cast down his eyes in frustration,

Idra: [It was His Excellency the Emperor who brought the citizens of the Empire together amidst the chaos that was spreading as the dead were being revived in droves. The seeds of discontent that led to the civil war will be uprooted once this situation is under control… If he survives, Emperor Vincent’s throne will be secured.]

Hiain: [W-what if bro achieves somethin’ huge!? Like, takin’ down the enemy’s boss with one punch…]

Idra: [Even then, it’s tricky. He will be recognized by His Excellency the Emperor for his deeds, kept for a while, and then once the dust settles, he might be assassinated somewhere.]

Subaru: [Once again, the Vollachian Empire is too cruel…]

The fact that this was not overthinking for Idra and Hiain showed that this was a national custom in the Empire.

At the very least, he hoped that Abel would mellow out once his position was restored, but at this present moment it would be hard to completely change Idra and the others’ opinion.

But, he felt sorry for Idra and Hiain, who were worrying and trying to find a way to overcome this.

Subaru: [I won’t pretend to be dead. Of course, I won’t actually die either. I’ll be sure to return. When I do, there’s something I need to tell everyone.]

Idra: [Schwartz…]

Subaru: [Don’t make such a grave expression. The result of all of this… I don’t know if it’ll be resolved peacefully, but I think that the worst-case scenario can be avoided.]

In any case, the “Struggle for the Imperial Throne” that both of them were most concerned about would crumble at the initial premise.

He was worried about what would become of his relationship with his comrades in the Battalion, but Subaru would have no other option but to convey his sincere and heartfelt apology to them.

Subaru: [I’ll definitely come back. ――That’s why, you can stop stowing away on the dragon carriage, Weitz.]

???: [Guh…]

Subaru called that out, and a muffled voice could be heard.

As Idra and Hiain looked all around, wondering where it had come from, Subaru sighed and crouched down.

Behind where Subaru and the others were conversing, there was a dragon carriage scheduled to depart with the assault team on board.

Beneath the carriage, clinging to the shaft of the running wheels, was the figure of a tattooed man. The image of a skull etched onto his body, Weitz reluctantly emerged from there.

Subaru: [No matter how much the shaking is stopped by the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion, if you cling there for a whole day, you’d naturally just fall to your death.]

Weitz: [I’ve entrusted my life to ya… If I died for yer sake, I’d be satisfied…]

Subaru: [If you fell to your death quietly without anyone knowing, that wouldn’t be dying for my sake!]

Weitz, whose sense of camaraderie was directed in the wrong way, fell silent with a “Ngh…” upon Subaru’s remark.

Then, as both Hiain and Idra stepped forward,

Hiain: [Listen here, didn’t’cha fuckin’ promise to obediently protect this place ‘til bro returned! This ain’t the time for ya to try and rush ahead, ya traitorous bastard!]

Weitz: [Shut up, don’t lump me together with that disgusting bearded fucker over there…!]

Idra: [Stop treating me as a traitor! You should know by now that it’s not like that!]

Subaru: [Heyyy, calm down! Stop making a fuss! Get along!]

Seeing the three start their usual banter, Subaru intervened and placed a hand on his hip.

Indeed, these were members whom he had become so familiar with that he could sense that this was their usual behavior. But, they had to remain in the Fortified City, preparing for the forthcoming battle against the horde of zombies.

With their strength and resilience, the group whose resistance to death was now the best in the Empire―― In the battle against the zombies that would not die even if killed, there was not a force as reliable as the Pleiades Battalion.

Subaru: [I’m counting on everyone here. A lot of my precious allies are staying here. Unlike you guys, these allies can’t fight… Errr, they can’t fight, in relative terms.]

Hiain: [Be precise with yer words!]

Rem, Ram, and the others remaining in the city flashed in his mind; it would be a lie to say that they were completely unable to fight, yet he could also not confidently say that he had no worries about those members joining the battle, leading Subaru’s answer to be quite ambiguous.

Hearing Hiain raise his voice significantly, Subaru made a wry smile.

Subaru: [Yeah, it’s not about whether they can fight or not, it’s that I don’t want to let all those people fight. That’s where you guys differ. Fight to your heart’s content!]

Idra: […That is genuine trust, and we can take it as such, correct?]

Subaru: [That’s right. Weitz, please understand that too.]

Weitz: [――――]

He looked at Hiain and Idra, then finally at Weitz, and spoke to them. Weitz crossed his arms, closing his intense, intimidating eyes that were accented by the skull-like tattoo.

After a moment of contemplation, Weitz slowly uncrossed his arms, and,

Weitz: [Und… und-und… und…er…]

Subaru: [Please understand that too!]

Weitz: [Understood… hk]

With an overwhelming sense of a bitter decision, Weitz agreed to Subaru’s plan.

Weitz then slowly extended his hand towards Subaru and placed it on his shoulder. And in an unusual, gentle voice,

Weitz: [Now that I’ve said it, make sure ya come back, bro…]

Subaru: [Ah.]

He was slightly taken aback, however Subaru quickly returned a smile, and as he nodded,

Subaru: [Got it, bro.]

With this, he felt compelled not only to respond to the outstretched hand, but to live up to their trust as well.

Upon hearing that, Weitz smiled with satisfaction. However――,

Hiain: [OIOIOIOI, don’t fuckin’ copy my way of callin’ people, ya thievin’ bastard!]

Weitz: [Ya just call him that on yer own… Schwartz actually said it back to me…]

Idra: [Don’t get into a pointless argument! I thought we were all on the same page!?]

Subaru: [Hey, stop it! Bros!!]

Once again, diffusing the bickering that began for different reasons, Subaru regretted the coming parting with these troublesome brothers.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [You ought to be aware of the role you must play. Do not neglect to remember that whether or not your life shall outlast the war depends on your work.]

???: [Auau.]

As the girl nodded with an obedient look on her face, presumably with the intention of doing so, Vincent closed a single eye.

The very power possessed by the girl carried around by Natsuki Subaru, outrageously professed as a Sin Archbishop, was a silver bullet against the undead arising one after the other.

Even if that were true, operating a plan which incorporated the cooperation of a Sin Archbishop would be an impossibility for the Vollachian Empire, which was said to be eccentric by other nations.

To begin with, it would be an impossible prerequisite to have a situation in which a Sin Archbishop’s cooperation could be obtained.

???: [Your Excellency! The preparations for the dragon carriage are complete! If everything proceeds without a hitch, it will not be long before you reach the Imperial Capital, even if it is not with the coupled dragon carriages!]

Goz’s voice reached Vincent, who was facing the girl―― Spica, with a voice that could have been heard from over the mountain. Of course, since he was beside Vincent and not on the other side of the mountain, the volume of his voice was excessive.

At any rate――,

Vincent: [If the Stone were to have run out of energy by the time we arrive already, there will be nothing to be done. You have strict orders, too. Do not kill the undead needlessly.]

Goz: [A war without death or killing is something so unfamiliar, but I will endeavor to ensure that all officers and men receive your venerable orders! But…]

Goz paused and clenched his fist, which was as big as a child’s head. Even without looking at his profile, one could see that he was contorting the sword scars on his face in frustration.

And sure enough, Goz’s stern, earth-shaking voice, trembling with frustration,

Goz: [Please, would I be able to accompany you!!]

Spica: [Au.]

Goz’s appeal was too vigorous and forceful to be contained, and Spica recoiled as if she felt the wind in her face; Vincent even felt the sound quaver on his skin.

Not only could he rampage with his favored mace, but even without it, Goz’s vocal volume made the world quake.

Vincent: [But, no matter how much you lament, the decision shall not be reversed.]

Goz: [Your Excellency!]

Vincent: [Discounting you, the only two who can serve as commanders are High Countess Dracroy and General Second-Class Zikr Osman. Even if both of them can be entrusted with a battlefield, a whole war is a separate matter.]

Goz: [That is…]

Vincent: [Now with that damned Chisha gone, I cannot entrust the entire army to anyone but you. You must understand the significance of that.]

Goz’s eyes widened, and his entire body stiffened at Vincent’s statement.

Berstetz was a civil officer, and Serena was competent as a High Countess but not as military personnel. Zikr had no experience commanding such a large army, so there was no personnel but Goz who could take overall command. That was Vincent’s evaluation, devoid of conjecture.

Vincent: [I entrust you with all of my officers and men. Consider that the very survival of the Empire rests upon your strong shoulders.]

Such was Vincent’s comment, looking directly at Goz.

In response, Goz closed his eyes tightly and shook off his hesitation with that one act of meditation.

With a ferocity in his eyes worthy of being called the Lion Knight, Goz clasped his fists and palms together in front of his chest and vowed to Vincent.

Goz: [――. I, Goz Ralfon, will obey the venerable instruction of His Excellency!]

Vincent: [It is a great deed.]

Goz: [YES SIR!!]

With a brief statement, Goz bowed deeply to Vincent, who tucked his chin back.

He would have loved to accompany Vincent and serve as his guard, using his own strong arms to carry out the difficult task. However, Goz held his feelings in check, and instead――.

Goz: [I am counting on you, General Third-Class Aurélie! Honorably ensure the protection of His Excellency!]

Jamal: [Yeah, leave it to me, General First-Class Ralfon! Since I was specially selected, I’ll fulfill my duty without fail!]

So Goz entrusted Jamal with this task, and the latter pounded his chest with vigor.

Designated by Vincent for the role of his guard, and even entrusted with that duty by Goz, he made a vulgar smile as his breathing grew heavy.

For one thing, the Aurélie household was a family of Low Counts, but they had none of the trappings of nobility.

But――,

Goz: [Well stated! Precisely what one would expect from a soldier of the Vollachian Empire!!]

As Goz proudly threw out his strong chest and saw him off, this attitude was absolutely the way of Vollachia.

Considering that, Subaru and the people of the Kingdom, who were still difficult to handle, would have to be considered inappropriate personnel to use, even though they could understand and sympathize with each other.

Vincent: [Once again, do not become a useless tool in the eleventh hour.]

Spica: [Uu, au.]

With Goz and Jamal exchanging loudly, Vincent looked at Spica, who was covering her ears, and told her so.

At Vincent’s words, Spica’s lips pouted in a frown.

For some reason, Vincent felt like it coincided with the look on Medium’s face last night when she had been cautious about Vincent’s words and conduct, and he sighed.

And then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

――The three dragon carriages departed, a far cry from the number of people who had arrived at the Fortified City by beast carriage or on foot.

But it was undeniably a glimmer of hope sent out to prevent the Great Disaster that had struck the Vollachian Empire―― or rather, the Great Disaster that was about to destroy it.

Each of them, with their strong resolve and many hopes on their shoulders, would return to the Imperial Capital, now turned into a city of the undead, and there they would strike their leader, the Witch known as Sphinx.

That was why――,

???: […It’s unbelievable that Nii-san is joining them.]

Katya mumbled as she wheeled her wheelchair to the window and gazed at the scene below. Hearing this, Rem stood by her side, the corners of her eyes lowering.

Katya’s brother, Jamal, was one of the people heading to the Imperial Capital as Abel’s escort.

Rem did not have fond memories of her encounters with him, but as Katya’s older brother, she could not be overly antagonistic, as he was a difficult person to deal with.

However, it seemed that Abel trusted him enough to choose him as an escort in this last phase.

Katya: [Nii-san is simple, easy to handle and easy to discard; so that’s why.]

Rem: [No matter how Abel-san may be, I don’t think he’s that callous…]

Katya: [I don’t know. At least, Nii-san seems to want to come across that way… y-you heard what he said yesterday, didn’t you?]

Rem: [Uh, about that… yes.]

Katya looked at Rem with an upward glance, and as Rem could not excuse herself, she nodded her head.

When Jamal had visited Katya last night, he reported that he had been chosen to accompany Abel to Imperial Capital, and then laughingly told Katya,

Jamal: [Don’t worry, Katya. I’m gonna die in style serving His Excellency, and then ya won’t need to suffer for the rest of your life because of the reward, even if that bastard Todd ain’t around!]

Rem: [It didn’t seem as if there was any malice in it.]

Katya: [S-some things can be bad even without any malice to them… Why is it that both Nii-san and Todd behave like that, even though it’s their lives? It’s really selfish…]

Perhaps, in his own way, Jamal was concerned about his sister Katya’s life as her brother, but Rem sincerely hoped that he would be more considerate of Katya’s feelings than her livelihood.

With the loss of Todd, her fiancé, if she were to lose her brother, Jamal, Katya would truly be all alone.

That was not a void able to be filled even if Rem were by her side as a friend.

Rem: [I felt so, too, when… When I was reunited with Nee-sama.]

Since she had no Memories, it was a new experience for Rem to meet Ram again.

However, even though Rem had no Memories of Ram, her “soul” remembered her, and her presence made her realize that she was not alone in this world.

For Katya, Jamal must also be like that.

And yet, that Jamal thought otherwise was a failure of imperial culture.

Rem: [No matter what kind of Emperor Abel-san is, I don’t like the Empire very much…]

Katya: […What a coincidence. I don’t have a favorite country or place, either.]

Rem: [At this point, I would agree.]

According to Subaru and Ram, Rem’s home was a place called the Kingdom of Lugunica, a neighboring country.

Since Subaru so often criticized the Empire, the Kingdom must have been a more comfortable place to live compared to the Empire.

Nevertheless――,

Rem: [――When this battle is over…]

Will I go to the Kingdom?

It would be hard to leave Ram, and she did not doubt that the Kingdom was her hometown. However, Rem now knew more things and people in the Empire than in the Kingdom.

She could not adequately imagine herself in the Kingdom, so unfamiliar it was to her.

Katya: […Rem, it looks like they’re leaving.]

Suddenly, Katya called out to Rem, who was lost in thought.

When called, she looked out the window as well and saw three dragon carriages about to depart for the Imperial Capital.

Spica, Abel, and Subaru were all on board.

Katya: [Did you see him off properly?]

Rem: [We spoke at breakfast. You too Katya-san, did you talk to your brother…?]

Katya: [I said all I had to say. There was no point in getting angry, but I did get angry.]

Katya turned her face away, making a bitter expression as she recalled the argument she had exchanged with Jamal.

But, in her own way, the words she had said to her brother, who was heading off to a dangerous place, were probably meant to convey her deepest feelings. That was why, Katya turned her gaze back toward Rem,

Katya: [Did you say what you wanted to say?]

Rem: […What I wanted to say, huh?]

Katya: [You seem to be kind of bummed out.]

Rem blinked with surprise at this very unexpected assessment.

“Bummed out” gave the impression of a child sulking. First of all, Rem was not sulking, as Katya was insinuating.

Rem: [There’s not even a reason to sulk…]

Katya: [If that’s true, then that’s fine I guess.]

Rem: [――――]

When poked and prodded, Rem closed her lips at Katya’s words.

When she put it that way, it sounded like Rem was lying. Rem was not sulking, and there was no need for Rem to devote any more words to it.

Subaru was accompanied by both Emilia and Beatrice.

Spica and Abel were also accompanying him, as was Halibel, that very strong wolfperson. Surrounded by such reliable people, he must have felt completely at ease.

That was why――,

Katya: [I-I…]

Rem: [――――]

Katya: [I regret it.]

With her face turned away, directing only her gaze to Rem, Katya hesitantly moved her lips.

There was no need to ask what it meant or what thoughts it would lead to.

Closing her eyes tightly, Rem, together with Katya, reached for the window where they had been watching the scene down below, and opened it as wide as they could.

Immediately after, a cool morning breeze flowed into the room of the fortress, caressing Rem’s blue hair.

Mixed in with that breeze was a smell that could hardly be described as refreshing. The dragon carriages were on their way back to the place where this all began――,

Rem: [――You better explain yourself when you get back!]

With a shout, Rem cast her wish toward the dragon carriages that were growing distant.

She could not say that she wished him a safe return. Nor that she wished them good luck. But, Katya had pushed her on, and she could not choose to not say anything.

As it was, this was the voice of the troubled Rem’s heart.

Who the heck was Natsuki Subaru to Rem?

He was so desperate for Rem, and yet he already had Emilia and Beatrice. He risked his life for the Empire, and he watched over Spica for everyone’s sake, but who was he?

Rem: [Until you tell me, I won’t forgive you.]

It was not because of his sinister, nose-curling stench.

A Rem without Memories; she wanted an answer as to how to think of him, who was around every corner in her newly created Memories.

Rem’s loud voice was swallowed by the wind, and she was not sure if it had reached.

However, there was a small hand, a child’s small hand, waving back at her through the open window at the tail end of the three departing dragon carriages.

Katya: [You look foolish. With that happy look on your face.]

――As Rem saw that, she thought she could hear Katya sigh those words.

--- Chapter 35: Life-Threatening Work ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [Huh? What did you say?]

???: [I shan’t say it thrice. ――As far as I can ascertain since I took the seat of the Emperor, I can match the faces and names of all of the Imperial citizens.]

???: [Are you an idiot!?]

With folded arms and a mysterious look, Abel’s absurd answer caused Subaru’s voice to crack.

The setting took place within a dragon carriage, en route from the Fortified City of Garkla towards the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, now turned into the stronghold of the undead.

There were three dragon carriages consisting of the Kingdom affiliates, Empire affiliates, necessary provisions, etc. This was the division of the assault team called the “Rescue the Vollachian Empire from Destruction Squad”. At present, Subaru had purposefully boarded the dragon carriage designated for the affiliates of the Empire.

His reason for doing so was not an act of betrayal towards the Kingdom but rather was driven by his desire to know―― the reason the Emperor, Abel, had joined the assault team.

Naturally, considering the important fight for the survival of Vollachia, it was only natural for Abel to take a prominent position on the battlefield. However, having experienced numerous unfavorable situations alongside Abel, it could be said that while he had wisdom, he lacked combat prowess.

There was no compelling reason for him to accompany them when only pure military power would be called upon in the future.

Subaru never would have thought that even Abel would be under Vollachia’s influence, so if he was going along with them, there must have been a reason to overturn that. However, there was a possibility that he did not want to disclose the reason in front of the Kingdom’s people, so Subaru had taken the initiative to board this carriage.

Without beating around the bush, Subaru asked, “What will your role be?”――,

Subaru: [Matching the faces and names of all of the citizens…]

Subaru’s mouth was left wide open at such an absurd and aberrant statement. Seeing how outrageously surprised Subaru was, Abel furrowed his brows in displeasure.

Vincent: [Do not misunderstand me, I do not mean every single citizen of the Empire. Just like the People of Shudraq who continue to dwell in the forest, the identities of those who remain discreet and unexposed are impossible to grasp. As such, it is futile to try to fully grasp all of the citizens in the Empire.]

Subaru: [What are you angry at, that’s already dumb enough!? Because essentially, that means you remember all your subordinates, the Imperial Soldiers, right?]

Vincent: [It is necessary.]

He put it concisely, but it was not the typical way an ordinary person would think.

Of course, one would not consider Abel to be an ordinary person, and the fact that he could match the faces and names of all the Imperial citizens was meaningful in the current situation.

Because――,

Vincent: [For that girl to remove the yoke of the undead, their names are required.]

With Abel’s indifferent words, Subaru became concerned for Spica, who was seated at the edge of the dragon carriage.

Due to her situation, Spica could not be left unattended, hence why she, like Subaru, had boarded this dragon carriage. At the moment, she was sitting quietly, being comforted by both Medium as well as Beatrice, who steadfastly stayed by Subaru’s side.

In order to fully utilize Spica’s Authority, Abel’s abnormality―― his remarkable memory came in handy.

――Star Eating had too many unclear aspects regarding its manifestation.

When she had succeeded in using her Star Eating on the Imperial Family member named Lamia Godwin, it seemed Spica did not eat her Name, as no one had forgotten her. Nevertheless, the alignment of face and Name appeared to be the key to that Authority.

Therefore, they had no choice but to rely on the method that had worked once.

Subaru: [Still, it pisses me off that your excessively foolish memory is useful for that purpose…]

???: [Schwartz-sama, that is a false accusation, is it not? Even if the person you are dealing with is the ruthless Emperor, who often treats Yorna-sama coldly.]

Subaru: [Is that your advice for this guy? Or your dissatisfaction towards my facade?]

???: [Of course, my advice to Schwartz-sama, is it not?]

Tanza, the girl clad in a kimono , answered calmly and turned her face away from Abel’s gaze.

She was part of the assault team, and it appeared that she had some thoughts regarding Abel that revolved around Yorna, the main reason for her involvement in this battle.

From what he had heard, Abel had been persistently rejecting Yorna’s proposals of marriage. Hence, Tanza had no reason to have any favorable opinions regarding Abel, but rather negative ones, considering his cold treatment towards the Demon City.

Vincent: [I shall tell you this, what Yorna Mishigure desired was not me, but instead a former Emperor.]

Subaru: [Oh, is that so? Like your father or something?]

Vincent: [Farther back than that. If you wish to know more, you should question that person directly. The opportunity for that is still available, at least for now. Am I not correct, girl?]

Tanza: [――Yes. Even now, I can still feel the presence of Yorna-sama.]

Upon Abel’s words, Tanza gently placed her hand over her own eye and quietly replied.

Her words were not wishful thinking, but rather a clear conviction derived from the benefit of Yorna’s power, which she had been entrusted with. As long as that power was present, Yorna’s survival was assured.

However, the uncertainty of the situation in the Imperial Capital made it frustrating.

Not only about Yorna, but also regarding Priscilla, whose whereabouts were unknown, and Al, who had stayed behind to help her, along with the concerns about Cecilus, who had wandered off on his own.

Subaru: [Even so, thinking about it that way… doesn’t it show an excessive imbalance in strength?]

Struggling to contain his overflowing feelings, Subaru voiced what he had been concerned about, once again recalling the composition of the “Rescue from Destruction Squad”.

Abel closed an eye at what he said, and Tanza tilted her head to the side instead.

Tanza: [An imbalance in fighting strength?]

Subaru: [Yeah, because we have myself, Beako, Emilia-tan, Spica and Roswaal, and also our up-and-coming Garfiel, don’t we?]

Beatrice: [Did you just brag about Betty, I suppose?]

Subaru: [Yep, I did. Love you, lovely Beako.]

Beatrice: [Betty loves you too, in fact.]

After confirming their love for one another with Beatrice, who had chipped into the conversation, Subaru raised a finger.

Outside of this dragon carriage, the carriage running behind them had Emilia and the others boarded on it.

Subaru: [Halibel-san over there is also the secret weapon that Anastasia-san sent with us. This is supposed to be a battle for the Empire, but the room’s full of external collaborators.]

Obviously, it was not as if the assault team had been formed without any of the Empire’s people.

However, on the head of the list was Abel, who had made it clear in detail that his smartassery transcended the limits of any human, and then Medium, who came along as a companion after negotiating with him. Adding on, there was also Jamal, who had been promoted to a General for some reason, triumphantly taking on the job of the driver, having also been selected to be a bodyguard. The citizens from the Empire on the team consisted of these three.

The two of Medium and Jamal were unmistakably categorized as those with a high powerlevel even among the people of the Empire, but it could not be said that they were stronger than Garfiel.

Subaru: [Tanza’s also mine, so it’s like she’s basically on our side, right?]

Tanza: [――――]

Subaru: [Huh? I thought you were gonna get mad and hit me right away, but this is a letdown… The time lag!]

Tanza: [Please do not say such self-centered things.]

Subaru shouted as he paid the price for the joke he uttered, having been slapped with a force that exceeded his preparedness in accepting the outcome. He instinctively squatted down with teary eyes, but Tanza simply looked down on him with a cold stare.

He knew he went too far, but she seemed way too angry, even for that.

???: [Kakakakka! They’re the ones sayin’ it, Yer Excellency. That they can’t see how serious the Empire’s ‘bout it. If they put it that way, it can’t really be helped, can it?]

Subaru: [Yeah, yeah, it can’t be helped even if we… UBYAAAAAH!?]

Beatrice: [Subaru!? What’s wrong, I suppose!?]

Just as he was about to nod to the unexpected raspy voice, a scream ripped itself out of Subaru’s throat.

As Beatrice rushed to his side in a hurry, Subaru jumped back in a tumble and clung onto her. Within the sights of Beatrice and Subaru, wrapped up in each other’s embrace, stood a small shadow that was hunched over.

Appearing out of nowhere was the elusive Vicious Old Man, Olbart Dunkelkenn――,

Beatrice: [Subaru, calm down, in fact. It’s just a tiny elderly man that suddenly appeared, I suppose.]

Subaru: [If a tiny elderly man suddenly appeared, that’s either Olbart-san or a Japanese horror movie! Things they have in common are that they’re both scary! Dangerous! And crazy!]

Olbart: [Whoa, you’re yappin’ quite the stuff there, boy. Seems like you’re lil’ as always, but how’ve ya been?]

Subaru: [Whose fault do you think it is that I’m little! I’m doing great! How about you!?]

Olbart: [I’m just peachy, too. Kinda lost my right hand, tho’.]

Waving his right arm as the folded part of his sleeve flapped about, thus spoke Olbart. Having been shown his fluttering sleeve, Subaru fell silent, feeling as if he would not be able to say anything without making the situation awkward.

What a devious trick it was, coming from this insane old man, trying to garner sympathy by showing his injury.

Subaru: [But, I fell into his trap, just like that…!]

Vincent: [Stow away your inner conflict for another time. ――So, you have heard the details, Olbart Dunkelkenn.]

Ignoring Subaru, who had Beatrice caressing his head that he gripped in his hands while he agonized over his thoughts, Abel called for Olbart. The fiendish elder gave a nod to the call with a “Well,”

Olbart: [The spellcaster that’s controllin’ ‘em dead folks’s in the Imperial Capital, so we’re gonna go n’ kill ‘em, right? I can imagine that Goz cryin’ like a lil’ kid after bein’ left behind by Yer Excellency. Ain’t he a poor sod?]

Vincent: [There is a role that only he is able to fulfill. Of course, that is equally true for you.]

Olbart: [I’m an old geezer who’s over ninety, ya know? Workin’ me ta the bone despite all that… Ya don’t have enough kindness.]

Vincent: [If you wish for a discussion regarding your retirement, you may request for one after this emergency has been expedited. Furthermore, I shall tell you this…]

Olbart’s easygoing attitude did not waver even in the face of Abel, the Emperor. Overlooking the eerie elder’s terrifically irreverent behavior, Abel added on one more thing to the end of his sentence.

As Olbart raised his brows with a, “Hm?” at the prefatory note,

Vincent: [I expect to not bear witness to any more of your bad habits for the rest of your lifespan.]

Olbart: [――――]

Vincent: [Therefore, I command you. Do your duty without pretense, Olbart Dunkelkenn.]

Olbart’s lips pursed in response to Abel’s brief but clearly intended words.

Rather, it was a reference to Subaru’s considerable concerns about Olbart and a preemptive gamble to check them.

If Olbart were to become agitated here, there was no one in their dragon carriage who could stop him.

However, Olbart went silent for a moment, then tapping his lower back with his remaining left hand,

Olbart: [Good grief, I don’t like young’uns ‘cause they got a lot of potential for growth. I can’t believe the world ain’t kind ta old geezer, Yer Excellency included.]

Vincent: [I am quite magnanimous.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka!]

Olbart laughed as if he had just heard the biggest joke of the century.

Subaru’s shoulders finally relaxed as he sensed that this was the end of the quiet contest between Abel and Olbart.

Regardless of the humor of Abel’s joke, they avoided a confrontation between the two.

Tanza: [Then… will Olbart-sama be joining us at the Imperial Capital?]

Tanza was apparently experiencing the same nervousness as Subaru. Her voice hardened slightly, and as Olbart’s eyes narrowed under his bushy eyebrows in response to her question,

Olbart: [It’s a request from His Excellency, and I don’t like tha idea of bein’ told what ta do by a kid. A country that doesn’t play its cards right when in danger’s nothin’ ta be laughin’ about. Besides…]

Tanza: [Besides?]

Olbart: [Those other guys are still in the Empire, too. At least Moguro and that bastard Ceci are.]

Tanza: […Yorna-sama, too.]

The temporary partnership in the Demon City―― Although he did not know the finer details, it had been sealed between Olbart, who had infantilized him and some of the others, and Tanza, the two working together due to a mutual interest.

The two had a complicated relationship, but they put their differences aside for the time being.

Of those named, the being called Moguro and Subaru were not acquainted with each other, but at least Yorna was someone who could be trusted in terms of ability and personality, and Cecilus was competent enough to make up for his personality. If Olbart were to join them, the Empire’s capabilities would certainly be enhanced.

Subaru: [But we also have Halibel-san here, so even with Ceci and the others, we have a slight advantage… or rather, Ceci is also one of my comrades.]

Vincent: [You think you can put a collar on that thing? If so, your understanding of him is limited.]

Olbart: [Oh, that Halibel guy’s here. He’s tha only shinobi in tha world stronger than me, really hate that guy.]

They each respectively had something they wanted to say about the two strongest people, who were held as cards in their arsenal.

In any case, Abel’s reasons for coming along and his stance, as well as the imperial side’s military strength, were settled with Olbart joining the group; Subaru’s doubts were also resolved for the time being―― Although there were still some topics to be explored, such as the matter of Medium’s nomination as a candidate for Empress Consort.

Subaru: [I’ll leave the subject of Medium-san for when I get back. Also, what Rem said――]

As Subaru felt Beatrice’s soft hand in his, he remembered Rem’s parting words to him from inside the fortress as they were about to depart.

Her statement could be taken, in the most positive way possible, as a wish for Subaru’s safe return.

Subaru: [I’ll probably get really chastised when I get back, but until that happens, I’ll take it as a positive that Rem is worried about me.]

Beatrice: [B-Betty thinks she has shown worry for you without the need for such a debasing mentality, has she not, in fact?]

Tanza: [I, also, took it that way…]

Subaru: [Oi oi, it can’t be helped, but you two don’t know Rem. Well, there’s a little bit of that to it because Rem is kind, but the majority of it is anger at me… No, no, stay positive , positive …!]

Subaru almost inadvertently undid the suggestion he placed on himself and had to reassert the positive thought spell he had cast on himself.

Beatrice and Tanza looked at Subaru with apparent pity, but the expression of their gazes had no effect on Subaru, as he had reapplied his magic. Bam , he bounced back.

Jamal: [――Your Excellency, we are almost at the relay point, and the dragon carriage will stop for a while.]

Just as Subaru was mentally regrouping, the small window of the dragon carriage opened, and Jamal’s report came in as he peeked inside the car from the driver’s bench.

Jamal, who was on watch around the moving dragon carriage, was startled to see Olbart, who was not supposed to be there, beside Abel, who was nodding in agreement with the report. Olbart waved his hand back pleasantly in response, in the worst way possible.

Anyway, once he arrived at the reported relay point, Subaru, having his doubts resolved, would return to the dragon carriage with Emilia and the others on the Kingdom side. But first, Subaru decided to call out “Oi” to Jamal through the small window.

Subaru: [I just happened to hear about it, but you said you’re gonna die for Katya-san?]

Jamal: [Huh? What about it, brat?]

Subaru: [No, I’m just saying it makes no sense. Katya-san’s been really sad after her fiancé died. Can’t you imagine how she’s gonna feel if her family also dies?]

Hearing that Jamal had confidently told Katya he would “go and die a courageous, splendid death”, it made Subaru question his sanity, and he also felt lightheaded from the severe problem that was the Vollachian way of thinking.

It was why he wanted to make Jamal retract his announcement, and he also planned to make him swear and reaffirm that he would return alive to Katya’s side.

However, Jamal blew out a disgruntled snort at Subaru’s words,

Jamal: [Look here, brat. Quit talking rubbish.]

Subaru: [Rubbish? What’s so rubbish about it?]

Jamal: [Katya crying ’cause of my death? I don’t care about that. What’s important is how useful I am to His Excellency and the country when I die, and whether there’ll be a reward for it.]

Subaru: [See, you guys disregard your lives because of honor and all that stuff…]

Jamal: [What a thick-headed brat! She can’t even stand up or bear any children! If that guy, Todd, ain’t here, then there’s no man that would take her as a wife! Katya needs the money to live!]

As Subaru attempted to stand his ground, Jamal spat at him with a raised voice.

Just like that, Jamal’s gaze skipped over Subaru and was aimed towards Abel, who was behind him,

Jamal: [Right now, I’m a General Third-Class. If I can be of use to His Excellency in this, then I can look forward to being treated as a General Second-Class when I die. That way, Katya can live in peace. I’m able to do my job as her big brother if I’m dead, more than if I stay alive!]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Subaru’s breath involuntarily caught in his throat at the intensity of Jamal’s line of thought.

Medium: [Subaru-chin…]

Medium lowered the corners of her eyebrows out of worry, glancing at the silent Subaru. However, her actions ended there, and she did not object to Jamal’s logic. Such a thing did not only extend to Medium. It was the same for Abel and Olbart.

Jamal’s opinion made sense. From the viewpoint of the people of the Empire, it was a shared belief.

It was only Beatrice who had the consideration to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with him, moving half a step to cuddle up with him.

Spica: [Uau.]

――No, Spica had also gently placed her hand on his back, making an effort to support him.

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru’s words were ignorant of the Empire’s realities, making up an emotionally charged argument against Jamal’s logic.

But, the things that Jamal had said, and the fact that Abel and the others would not say anything, was wrong. If a reward would be granted for his death and it would ensure Katya’s livelihood, Jamal could instead live, live, survive, achieve a successful career, and then guarantee Katya’s livelihood with his pay.

Subaru: [It’s possible, if the salary Abel pays to his Generals isn’t itty-bitty peanuts. ――I’ve decided, Jamal.]

Jamal: [What? Ya got anything else to…]

Subaru: [That future plan of yours… I’m definitely going to stop it from happening. ――You won’t die, ever.]

Biting down hard on his molars, Subaru made a declaration in that manner, as if he was also stating a challenge.

The moment Subaru’s surroundings heard his words, Abel let out a brief sniff, and Olbart bared a gleeful grin along with a snickering laugh. Tanza hugged her own arms around herself, and Medium widened her eyes before nodding.

And then, Beatrice and Spica lined up next to Subaru, gazing at Jamal.

As the line of three kids stared at him, Jamal narrowed his left eye that was not under his eyepatch,

Jamal: [Y’know, you’re one freaky brat.]

Subaru: [Your friend also told me that. ――I won’t quit, though.]

One last interaction was exchanged between them before the small window was closed, and Jamal returned to his role of staying vigilant of his surroundings in order to stop the dragon carriage at the waypoint.

Subaru shut his eyes after seeing him out, then came to an honest face-to-face with his own heart.

He understood that Jamal had his own ideas. And, that it was one way of thinking considered to be correct in the Empire.

Bearing that in mind, such a mindset can go and eat shit, was what Subaru thought.

Subaru: [Trying to save something else by dying… That’s just――]

Nothing more than a heart-wrenching method, one that even Abel could not endure.

That was why Natsuki Subaru had to continue rejecting such a method, no matter what.

Contrary to the speed of the hurried dragon carriage, the Imperial Capital in question was far away, and it was terribly frustrating. The more he thought about what was transpiring over there, the more he felt a burning need to arrive there as soon as possible.

Hurry up hurry up , Subaru continued to yearn, his patience smoldering away.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The scene abruptly shifted to an unsettling situation under the same sky.

Dark clouds loomed, almost like the weather were foreshadowing the Empire’s impending demise.

Because of the vast amount of water gushing from the destroyed retaining wall, the inside of its star-shaped defense barriers was flooded and forced the inhabitants to flee, turning the Imperial Capital of Lupugana truly into a city of the undead.

With the resurrected dead roaming around, the survivors continued to struggle trying to hide their breath in fear of being found―― Among them were not only those who hid and cowered, but also fierce individuals who sought to secure their lives by fighting.

However, many who wielded weapons would soon regret their careless decisions.

Once the battle began, it meant an unending competition against the undead resurrecting without end, comparing their dwindling life force to those who had already exhausted theirs, so they should not have any prospect of winning.

Ironically, the bravest would end up losing their lives, joining the ranks of the undead in search of the next living being.

The Imperial Capital had now become a spiraling city of the dead, where the undead beckoned more of the undead, becoming a manifestation of hell, where the despair of this world reached an impasse.

However——,

???: [――As rare as this situation is to behold, it is not so much interesting but rather troublesome once you get used to the sight. If only there was a bit more competition to return to the stage once more! Then perhaps one could anticipate a few more highlights.]

While saying that, the boy’s tied-back blue hair swayed in the moist breeze steeped in a foul smell.

The boy with a distinctive appearance in his traditional Japanese outfit and zori looked around, and made such remarks while shading the tops of his eyes with his hands.

His lively complexion and blue eyes were those of the living, deviating notably from the most evident features of the undead.

However, his perspective, taking in the chaos of the drastically changed Imperial Capital, was, in some ways, an opinion that was more detached from the living than the typical undead.

Depending on the person, a true transcendent being might be defined as being allowed to have the selfishness to render the distinction between the living and the dead meaningless.

In any case, the boy’s eyes gleamed with a certain brightness that seemed cheerful and yet insane―― not insanity born from a complete lack of fear regarding the current situation, however.

Rather, because he had never experienced fear once since his birth, he harbored a gleam that could be described as insane.

Boy: [Well, repainting the battlefield by single-handedly and systematically cutting down any visible enemies all by myself seems like a legendary display of supremacy only I could achieve, but…]

With a gaze that would instill fear in others, the young man lowered his hand, stopped gazing into the distance, and twisted his head.

Boy: [I wonder why? It doesn’t feel like it would lead to a very favorable outcome!]

Throwing his hands up, extending them to the sky, the boy openly admitted his feelings.

With his abilities, the boy could single-handedly cut down the majority of the undead infesting the Imperial Capital, without exaggeration. Yet, the boy refrained from doing so. And so he was agonizing over his inability to put the reason why this decision eluded him into words.

To the multitude of people suffering in the Imperial Capital, it was a concern that veered far off-course, a luxury so off-course that might lead to exasperation. A concern that only the boy could comprehend, one that held no meaning to anyone else, yet carried significant weight for him.

Groaning in acknowledgment of this, the boy, then sighing in a troubled manner,

Boy: [I can’t seem to explain it well. What do you think about that?]

???: [Well, I don’t quite understand, but…]

Boy: [Eh?]

???: [Is this really a conversation we should be having before you drag me up…?]

The boy squatted down, peering below.

Within his sight was a man in an iron helmet holding onto the edge of a tall rooftop building he had chosen as his perch, trying desperately not to fall off.

He supported his entire body weight with one hand, but there was no other option. He was one-armed, rendering it impossible for him to support himself with both hands.

Nevertheless, looking down at the man in such a perilous situation, the boy―― Cecilus smiled.

Cecilus: [That’s no good, Al-san. Since I’ve got no clue who or what you are, I can’t decide whether or not I should let you be a part of my future history !]

Beneath the smiling Cecilus, the dangling man―― Al let out a strained sound from his throat.

The Imperial Capital had now become a spiraling city of the dead, where the undead beckoned more of the undead, becoming a manifestation of hell――,

Al: [Oh, dammit, this is seriously the worst…]

At the very least, in this moment, this singular scene had devolved into a situation where the living without any need for conflict questioned the whereabouts of life.

--- Chapter 36: Undead Capital Lupugana ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The Imperial Capital of Lupugana was occupied by the undead.

In Lupugana, a city that was now best described as the Undead Capital rather than the Imperial Capital, Al was searching and struggling alone for Priscilla, who had gone missing.

Nevertheless, it could not be said that the search for his master was going well.

The basic method of searching for people was to ask for eyewitness testimony. However, there was no one here to ask, not for conclusive testimony or even for useless gossip.

The only people who were around were either undead, who approached the living with a sinister purpose; or survivors who had survived by keeping their heads down, holding their breath, and not taking any action.

Either way, they were useless for Al’s purposes.

Although――,

???: [The absurdity of the world is that just because you meet a living person, it doesn’t mean that your objective is going forward, right, Al-san?]

The very absurdity of the world itself, Cecilus, exclaimed such.

While he was in complete agreement with that assessment, there was no room for Al now to quibble with this and that, as it were. ――Al was hanging over the edge of the roof of a five-story building.

Al: [――Shit.]

Swearing inside his iron helmet, Al turned his gaze away from Cecilus’s smirking face.

It would be useless to say anything to Cecilus in this situation. In the first place, the reason why Al was hanging like this was because he had been kicked off the rooftop by none other than Cecilus. Moreover, he had kicked Al from behind after calling him over to the edge of the rooftop and making him think that there was something in the distance.

And if that was not a sign of malicious intent, then what was?

Cecilus: [Whether you call it a test or a check , the objective is ascertainment. Your reaction seems to be better than Boss’s , as you didn’t fall head-first.]

Al: [Um, yeah. I got no idea what you mean.]

Cecilus: [It’s fine if you don’t understand! For I know what I think and what I want. Also, I’ll go ahead and tell you that I won’t be helping in pulling you up, Al-san.]

Giving an undesired reply to Al’s question, Cecilus nonchalantly clapped his hands.

Al did not know the reason for the murderous behavior until Cecilus spoke; actually, he still had no idea what the reason was, even after hearing the answer. Even if he would talk about hostility or murderous intent, Al had not had much of a conversation with Cecilus before this in the first place.

After he had been rescued from a powerful undead enemy, they briefly introduced themselves to each other. Al talked about his movements up to this point and his future goals, and then he was kicked off the rooftop.

Although it might have seemed like a stroke of bad luck running into him, his answer was not particularly discouraging to Al.

Because――,

Al: [――I’ve heard that plenty of times, so I don’t expect you to.]

With that, Al released his grip from the edge and let himself enter into a free fall.

Cecilus: [Oyo.]

Cecilus’s voice sounded surprised and distant, and Al began to think amidst the floating sensation.

The distance to the ground was about fifteen meters, a height that superhumans could have landed from easily, but Al was an ordinary person and could die normally. Thus completing the crushed tometo .

The ground approaching him was wet cobblestone, with not enough water to soften the impact of the fall, and the muddy soil would offer no cushioning, making this an overly harsh method.

Therefore, in order to save himself, an action other than falling was needed here.

Al: [Oaaah!]

With a guttural sound from the back of his throat, Al extended his bent knees and kicked the wall as hard as he could.

Al’s body, which should have fallen straight down, was propelled diagonally instead, shortening the distance to the opposite building, which was the same height as the one he had been holding onto. The timing of the kick was between one and two seconds after the start of the fall, and if it was early or late he would hit the wall, and becoming a crushed tometo with an injured neck would be unavoidable.

But supposing the timing was right―― a moment later, Al’s body would smash through the window of the building.

Al: [Guoh!]

The window broken as collateral damage, Al rolled on his back into a deserted room. His shoulder and back were cut by the glass as he struck the floor, receiving some serious damage.

Al: [But, I survived…]

After rolling backward into the room he had flown into, Al jumped up and confirmed that he was alive. Next, he checked for fatal wounds and broken limbs, and only after passing this check was he allowed to declare himself a survivor.

Any injuries that were unrecoverable at this point needed to be recovered.

Al: [Woah, my left hand is gone!? I mean, that’s been like that for almost twenty years now…]

After a pause with a bout of momentary senility, Al immediately hid beside the door facing the corridor and quickly drew the dao from behind his waist.

He had escaped falling to his death. However, his escape did cause him to jump into the building with a loud crash.

Naturally, the sound drew the attention of everyone in the surrounding area——,

???: [Around here!]

???: [Yeah!!]

Together with a flurry of rushing footsteps, the undead broke down the door and stormed into the room.

The undead vigorously charged towards him, but as their pale visage passed in front of him, Al swung his dao and decapitated them.

The foremost attacker was killed instantly, and using the headless body as a shield, he ascertained the number of enemies that had rushed over here. There were two behind the broken door and the sound of one set of footsteps coming up the stairs, for a total of three—— beyond the dead body of the first, the second, recovering from their state of astonishment, thrust the short spear they held in their hands forward.

They were quick to recover. It made him sick.

While thinking that, Al forced the headless corpse into the trajectory of his opponent’s spear——,

Al: [I messed up.]

As the body of the undead received a fatal blow, it instantly shattered like pottery that had lost its will.

Therefore, the familiar tactic of using a dead body as a shield would not work; Al realized this as he tasted the enemy’s short spear fatally digging into his chest.

×  ×  ×

???: [Around here!]

???: [Yeah!!]

Together with a flurry of rushing footsteps, the undead who kicked down the door was decapitated.

Kicking the hindering headless corpse to the side, Al leapt out of the way to the back of the room. Chasing him down, the second enemy rushed in with a thrust of the short spear in its hand.

Al: [Dona!]

The tip of the short spear was engulfed by the earthen wall that rose up from the floor, forcibly seizing it.

As soon as Al saw that it had caught his opponent’s attention, he placed the sole of his foot on the earthen wall and,

Al: [Dona! Dona! Dona!]

A pillar of earth flew out sideways from the earthen wall against which he had placed his foot, striking the undead on the other side squarely in the face and blowing them backward.

The pillar of earth pushed back both the second attacker, and the third attacker who was trying to follow behind; from the tip of the pillar, he launched another pillar of earth, and yet another one from that tip, stamping the two undead together with the vigor of a multistage rocket, and crushing them to death against the wall of the corridor.

Al: [One left…!]

Hearing the large sound of pottery shattering between the pillar and the wall, Al thought on how he had taken out three enemies in a single breath, and remained on-guard for the enemy’s movement with his foot still on the earthen wall.

He had defeated the first attacker with a surprise attack, and the second and third attackers with a delicate technique. Only the fourth or final attacker remained, so Al would be safe if he could exchange his bad prospects for good ones, but——,

Al: [Well, things aren’t gonna work out so smoothly!!]

The entire wall of earthen pillars blocking the entrance was pulverized, and the final undead invaded the room by forceful means.

Wielding a massive battleaxe, it was an undead of the Cyclops Tribe with a giant eye of golden hue in the center of its face. Upon seeing that, and judging that they were far more dangerously powerful than the other three up until then, Al turned his back to them and intently focused all his energy to getting to the window of the room——,

Al: [Can I make it!!?]

Just when he was about to make it in time, his shouting back was struck by the destructive force of the battleaxe, utterly mowing him down, and leaving the interior of the building to be grotesquely redecorated with Al’s scattered entrails.

×  ×  ×

???: [Around here!]

???: [Yeah!!]

Together with a flurry of rushing footsteps, the first undead attacker who kicked down the door was decapitated.

Next, he knew that there were two in the corridor, and the most horrible enemy coming up the stairs. Then, Al took a big leap backwards——,

Al: [Dona!]

Dealing with the second and third attackers in front of him, he had no choice but to open up a strategic avenue of escape from the final monster.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Woah, amazing amazing! When that Cyclops Tribe guy came flying in at the end I thought there would be no way Al-san would win, but you really did it.]

???: [What a gigantic piece of shit…]

???: [Oyaoya, I’m sure he was an extremely formidable opponent, but I wouldn’t say that’s a likable attitude to have towards a foe with whom you have fought so hard. Of course, foul language and abusive insults tend to make an impression, but I’m not fond of the idea that notoriety is better than anonymity!]

???: [I was talking about you…]

His entire body covered by innumerable wounds, Al was greeted upon exiting the building, and as he breathed deeply, he lethargically slumped his back against the wall and sat down.

Then, Cecilus opened his eyes wide as he was simultaneously greeted by and rebuked by Al.

Al: [Huh, I seriously don’t understand how you can be so surprised being spoken to like that. You almost killed me, and that’s in two senses. Even a psychopath bastard would at least have a memory of being resented…]

Cecilus: [Oh, as expected, I didn’t learn all of Boss’s words in a short period of time so there are still some words that I don’t know. By the way, what does “ psychopath ” mean?]

Al: [It’s kinda like being a deranged person. They go around killing people but still have the nerve to be calm about it.]

Cecilus: [Is that so? But in that case I don’t think I’m a psychopath . ――I mean, Al-san doesn’t die for some reason, right?]

Foolishly laughing, Cecilus then vocalized a twisted self-defense.

At Cecilus’s answer, Al crouched in place and concentrated on regulating his breathing. While Al remained silent, Cecilus held up one finger and continued.

Cecilus: [The Cyclops Tribe guy from earlier was quite skilled. Unfortunately, he’s far from reaching me, but were it you up against him, Al-san, you’d lose a hundred times out of a hundred. That’s the truth that I saw with my own eyes!]

Al: […But, I’m alive, aren’t I? Or, are you saying I’m dead?]

Cecilus: [Nono, I’m sure you’re alive. I had a suspicion that perhaps you were an undead posing as the living, but that doesn’t seem to be the case. In that case there’s only one thing that I can think of. ――Al-san, you drew the hundred-and-first possibility.]

With one finger raised on one hand, and another finger raised on the opposite one, Cecilus displayed two fingers.

Counting those two fingers would not result in anything more than two, and if one was being generous it could be seen as eleven, but instead of focusing on the gesture that did not really reflect his intentions, Al gulped down a breath at his words.

Cecilus: [I’m not particular over the number one-hundred-and-one. One-hundred-and-two, one-hundred-and-three, or even two-hundred would be fine! You’d lose a hundred times out of a hundred to that Cyclops Tribe guy. But what if you did it a thousand times, ten-thousand times, or a hundred-thousand times? Quite literally, you might draw a one in ten-thousand chance. You drew that right at the start. Am I wrong?]

Al: [――Hk.]

The deception that he was remaining silent as he focused on catching his breath, had reached its limit.

Within Al’s steel helmet, the expression that Cecilus could not see had warped; he feared Cecilus from the bottom of his heart. That insight, speech, and conduct, even Al could not comprehend what in the world they were.

By the way Cecilus was speaking, he had mostly correctly guessed the Authority that Al possessed. And that was not through logic, but rather an understanding through guesswork, so to speak.

The boy who called himself Cecilus Segmunt not only shared the same name as the Blue Lightning, the strongest in the Vollachian Empire, but was clearly an extraordinary being of the world.

Al: [His height, maybe it’s due to the same reason as me and bro…]

Just like how Al and Subaru had been infantilized by Olbart’s technique, it was quite possible that Cecilus had also been shrunken.

The person in question did not regard himself as the First of the Nine Divine Generals, but when Al’s infantilization had gotten more severe, he had felt his consciousness being pulled back to match his outward appearance. The same was likely to be true for Cecilus.

In Al’s case, he was forced to optimize his mind, but that drastic measure could only be done by himself and Subaru. Therefore, Cecilus could be considered to have shrunken in mind.

If that was what had turned Cecilus into such a juvenile monster, the repercussions of Olbart’s actions were grave.

Cecilus: [Is your lack of an answer because you’re unable to answer or because you don’t want to answer… which one is it?]

At Cecilus’s quiet question, Al sat up, relying upon the wall he was leaning against.

Within that silence, Cecilus harbored a tint of danger, and that was a sign that a pendulum was swinging within him. It was a pendulum that would determine whether Al was his enemy or his ally.

Utterly unconcerned with the unprecedented disaster assailing this Undead Capital, it was a fixation over a trifling matter.

Cecilus: [I wonder. I wonder, y’know. Let’s suppose that you’ve got something that can draw a one in ten-thousand possibility on the first shot… I wonder if you’d be able to draw that possibility with me as an opponent.]

In that case, rather than one in ten-thousand, there would be a one in a billion, no, quite possibly a one in a trillion chance of that happening.

However, if it was not zero.

Al: [I’ll say this now, but… that’s as far as you should go with digging into my allure. Otherwise, you’ll have an unwanted party keeping an eye on you, and you’re really gonna regret it.]

Cecilus: [Unbelievable! To speak to me in such a manner. I don’t dislike it, rather, I quite like it.]

Al sighed at Cecilus’s reaction, who seemed to be that of someone getting more and more amused.

He wanted to find the words to dampen Cecilus’s fascination, but by the looks of things, he did not have the time. He had finally survived the rush of undead that had come after his plunge to the death.

The burden was heavy, but he needed to advance to the next stage.

Al: [――Release territory, re-expand subsequently, re-initiate thought experiment.]

Before Cecilus could make any unnecessary movements, Al redefined the matrix he had once established.

The recoil was far too great due to the frequency and scope, but at the very least, Al had decided to continue ignoring the consequences until he made it out of the Vollachian Empire. ――Recovering Priscilla was his top priority.

Al: [If it’s for that purpose, then no matter how many times it takes, I’ll―― Dwah!?]

It happened at the very moment that he was about to utter his resolute declaration.

Quicker than he could finish, the figure of Cecilus in front of him blurred, and immediately afterward, Al was flipped sideways, taking a hit from a zori to his flank.

In response to such outrageous conduct, Al screamed while sliding across the ground.

Al: [What, the hell! After all that talk about making a grand impression on a stage, you attack someone while they’re in the middle of talking!]

Cecilus: [No, no, no, you’ve got it all wrong! It’s utterly unthinkable for me to commit such rudeness! That would be an offense warranting kappuku . So it’s not that, but rather, take a look.] [1]

Al: [Look at what…]

As Al finished sliding and began to rise to his feet, Cecilus gestured towards the wall to justify himself. There, at chest height of where Al had been standing just moments before, was a fist-sized hole.

It had not been there a moment ago. However, the hole had suddenly appeared.

That meant――,

Al: [Sniper… Gyahh!!]

Cecilus: [Forgive my rudeness for a moment!]

In that instant his eyes widened, Cecilus’s form blurred once more, and immediately after, Al felt g-forces of acceleration throughout his body as he was thrust straight backwards.

Cecilus, running furiously, had hooked his hand around Al’s waist and was dragging him along in a swift sprint. And, hot on their heels as they became one with the wind――,

Al: [OIOIOIOIOIOI, what the hell, what the hell, WHAT IN THE ACTUAL HELL!?]

Amidst the illusion of being flung backward, Al’s vision was filled with city streets and building walls being pierced one after the other, as something tremendous pursued them with reckless abandon.

If his initial impression was correct, it was sniper fire. A sniper was chasing after Al and Cecilus.

Al: [Though if we’re being sniped, it’s an ironclad rule that snipers are supposed to stay put!]

They were supposed to patiently lie in wait, take aim once their target was in their sights, and strike with a fatal shot.

Those were the fundamentals of sniping, and ought to have been an ironclad rule. Yet, this sniper was defying all that, accurately pursuing the fleeing pair, and was even anticipating their moves to find cover, and firing accordingly.

It was as if they were surrounded by a hundred snipers, or being targeted by a single sniper with the complete freedom to move around at rapid speeds.

Cecilus: [Whoa! Woah there! Whoopsie!]

Al: [Bwah! Oof! Bit my tongue!]

While being targeted by this terrifyingly precise and agile sniper, Cecilus, while carrying Al, moved his body right, left, up, and down, all the while continuously evading the assault.

However, he did not seem to be looking at his surroundings at all. Then, Al realized. ――It was guesswork. Cecilus was dodging this top-class sniping by sheer guesswork alone.

Cecilus: [It’s not quite to that extent. But don’t you just feel a certain thrill during moments the opponent deems critical? That’s it.]

Al: [You can ignore my suspicions! More importantly, focus on what you’re doing!]

Cecilus: [Very well. But our opponent is of remarkable ability. ――I’ve encountered them a few times before, but they’ve never allowed me to close in on them.]

The ground erupted with an explosive sound that seemed impossible to be caused by a kick from his zori , and as he gained propulsive force, Cecilus began to accelerate. Feeling the proximity of the unseen sharpshooter pursuing them with sniper fire, Al received a two-fold shock from Cecilus’s statement.

The first shock was that Cecilus had already encountered this enemy several times before, and still continued to survive.

The second shock was that even Cecilus had been unable to defeat this enemy, which meant they were an abnormally formidable adversary.

Cecilus: [I believe they’re flying, but for some reason other than their speed, they can’t be seen.]

Al: [An enemy, who can’t be seen… Hk.]

Upon the words of Cecilus, who seemed to lack a proper sense of danger, Al gained the keyword of “invisible enemy”.

If only they could unravel the mechanism behind this invisibility, or at least find some way to counteract it.

Cecilus: [Woah there, my my…]

Once more, Cecilus spoke without a sense of danger, and a tremendous crashing sound followed, prompting Al to look back―― that is, toward the direction they were heading.

Then, within Al’s field of vision, three buildings along their path came crashing down.

From the front of the street and on each side, buildings began to descend upon them. Each had its foundation targeted and hollowed out by the sniper, causing them to tilt and collapse inwards.

If they collided with that, there would be no escaping from being crushed to death. Upon grasping that, Al clenched his molars, and,

Al: [Territory, redefinition――!!]

Cecilus: [I’m rushing straight ahead!]

Immediately after resetting the territory in time, Cecilus, kicking off the ground while holding Al, broke through the window of the frontmost collapsing building and plunged inside.

As they slanted, and he heard the gentle cascade of shattering window glass in conjunction with the flexing of the walls, Cecilus kicked the floor of the collapsing building, smashed through the ceiling, and sprinted upwards, forcibly creating a direct route from the lower floor to the upper floor.

Cecilus: [Go go go go go go go go!]

Given how the building was collapsing, it was a fact it would be crushed by contact with the street at the lower floors first.

On the other hand, the outrageous feat of escaping from being crushed in such a manner could not have been said to be a sane course of action. It should not be said.

However, thanks to that eccentric judgment, Al and Cecilus managed to kick through the ceiling of the top floor and escape to the outside, faster than the building could fully collapse――,

Al: [――No, this won’t work out.]

Bursting through the ceiling, Al and Cecilus soared into the sky.

Below them, they witnessed the three collapsing buildings collide with one another, their colossal mass causing a tremendous earthquake as they crumbled. One of the fallen buildings seemed to have contained flammable liquor, or perhaps stored magic stones, as an inferno was extending across the street.

However――,

Cecilus: [Now this is a formidable enemy!]

Both Cecilus’s cheerful exclamation and Al’s body shaking from the impact happened simultaneously.

But, Al was not the one who was directly affected by the impact. Having leaped into the sky alongside Al, it was Cecilus―― Struck by the sniper fire, the impact had blown off one of his legs.

The young boy’s small left leg had been blown off from the knee down, scattering blood into the air as he gnashed his teeth. Having experienced similar situations, Al understood what it was like. That the pain would come immediately, causing the throat to scream――,

Cecilus: [――Over there!]

Instead of screaming, Cecilus shouted that out, likely having pinpointed the enemy beyond the sky.

He then placed his remaining leg against Al’s body, which he was still holding, using it as leverage to propel himself towards something that he had spotted.

Being propelled by just one leg, his momentum was fierce, seemingly sufficient to catch the enemy.

All of that while in a state of having lost one leg――.

Al: [――This won’t do.]

Even with one leg missing, Cecilus was still probably a hundred times stronger than Al.

But, that was no good. It was necessary for him to be in perfect condition. Thus, Al drew his dao and pressed it against his own neck.

Then, without hesitation, he forcefully exerted the blade――.

×  ×  ×

Cecilus: [I’m rushing stra――]

Al: [No, the building on the right!!]

As the buildings were collapsing from three different directions, the moment Cecilus was preparing to rush inside of the frontmost one, Al shouted in a voice that would not lose out to the volume of the collapsing structures, and issued a change in their path.

The instant he heard Al’s appeal, Cecilus smiled, and the fact that he licked his lips was already known.

In that instant, Cecilus forcefully altered their direction, and while carrying Al, he lunged towards the collapsing building on the right.

Hearing the cascade of shattering window glass, Al pointed towards the interior of the room they jumped into,

Al: [The room over there! Secure the box inside!]

Cecilus: [ Aye-aye sir !]

At Al’s confident directions, Cecilus did not ask any questions whatsoever.

Forcefully smashing through the wall into the adjacent room, there was an iron chest―― a part of the fortune kept by the owner of the building, intended for emergency situations.

Unfortunately, it seemed like the owner had been unprepared, and had thus been unable to take it out with him, but thanks to that, Al and Cecilus were able to secure it.

Al: [Upwards!]

Immediately after securing the box, the escape from the slanted building reverted the route to one that employed Cecilus’s extraordinary leg strength and innovative thinking.

Carrying Al, who carried the box, Cecilus’s sprint pierced through the ceiling of the lower floor and the floor of the upper one, and repeating that in quick succession, they dashed all the way up to the top floor in one go.

Then, the moment Cecilus kicked open the ceiling of the top floor and they flew out, Al was faced with a scenery that he had already seen countless times, and dropped the box from his hands.

And, just before the sniper could blow off any of Cecilus’s limbs from afar――,

Al: [――Dona.]

Inside the box that was dropped, Al’s shoddy magic sparked a fire that ignited a high-purity magic stone belonging to an individual within the Empire, and then at once, the blast swelled up and flames engulfed them from directly below.

Al: [――――]

While savoring the sensation of the scorching heat roasting their skin, the created curtain of flames also concealed Al and Cecilus from their surroundings. However, even if the flames hid them only for this moment, if there truly was a sniper, he would shoot through them―― No, he would shoot through Cecilus without losing sight of him.

Therefore, the aim was not to disrupt the sniper’s eyes.

Cecilus: [――Over there.]

Cecilus muttered this while smiling with bared teeth.

Blood was spouting from Cecilus’s cheek, and his long blue hair burst and spread apart as his hair clip was snatched by the sniper. However, all of Cecilus’s limbs were unscathed.

The flame curtain had not been to hide Cecilus from the enemy, but to allow him to spot the bullets approaching him before they reached him.

Before reaching Cecilus, the bullet had to pass through the flame curtain.

As foolish as it sounded, but he believed enough to bet on Cecilus of all people to not miss the momentaneous change in the flames before the bullet would reach him. He had won that gamble.

――Hence, across the flame curtain, Cecilus’s and the sniper’s gazes intersected.

Cecilus: [――――]

In an instant, the pupils of Cecilus’s eyes narrowed and the soles of his zori sandals were placed against Al’s hip.

As before, Cecilus intended to leap down to the shooter’s location. The difference was that all of Cecilus’s limbs were stuck to his small torso.

All that was left from now was――,

Al: [――Don’t you let your guard down.]

Muttering that, Al established preparations for the next re-expansion of his territory.

Each time it happened, he felt a sense of loss in his head, as if something was being shredded to pieces, but Cecilus was right. One could say a once in a lifetime opportunity was a chance one could not afford to pass by once it happened.

If somebody wanted to obtain it twice, then they could not afford to compromise.

That was why, Al was going to reset the next matrix――.

???: [――Cloud-cutting.]

Just before that, a remarkable change flashed into Al’s vision.

It was behind the flame curtain, in the direction Cecilus surmised the sniper to be, in the sky where Al still could not see the enemy; there was an unusual change in his vision.

Simply put, the clouds had been severed.

The thick black clouds that covered the sky of the Undead Capital of Lupugana had been cut open, unexpectedly. The cumulus clouds received not one, but two to three cuts in succession.

It was as if they were chasing an invisible enemy in the sky―― No, not as if.

The slashes were chasing the enemy, their aftermath the tears through the black clouds.

Cecilus: [Aaah!! They’re getting away, they’re getting away! They’re escaping!!]

The screeching voice belonged to Cecilus, who kept his foot on Al’s back.

His eyes widened, and the reason for his scream was probably in response to the sniper running away from the slash that tore through the clouds―― abandoning the battle and disengaging.

From Al’s point of view, this could only be described as a favorable turn of events, but not for Cecilus. He stared at the view below with eyes brimming with frustration.

And there――,

???: [Ha ha ha ha! Run, run in fear of my swordsmanship!]

Al and Cecilus jumped out, away from the three collapsing buildings; a lone figure could be seen on the roof of the building.

It was a figure with sword in hand, seeing off the enemy in the distance, pointing the blade that had sliced the clouds towards the heavens as he smiled broadly.

Al frowned, wondering who or what this stranger was.

Behind Al, Cecilus said “Huh” as he looked at the sudden intruder,

Cecilus: [Looks like you’ve grown old in the while I haven’t seen you, Dad.]

Al: [Your old man?]

Al was stunned by Cecilus uttering this with completely feigned ignorance.

Meeting up with this person in the distance Cecilus called his father would probably be a good thing, but the problem was――,

Al: […You ain’t gonna die after this, are you?]

After the formidable sniper was gone, Al, while looking directly down at the three buildings that were still vehement​ly collapsing, muttered to Cecilus about what was ahead, feeling a floating kind of sensation.

Translation Notes:

[1] – kappuku (割腹) means to disembowel oneself as a form of punishment; harakiri, seppuku.

--- Chapter 37: Time for Foreshadowing ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

With a sword in one hand and carrying baggage under his other arm, he slowly opened the door in front of him.

He would never foolishly kick open a door, nor cut it down. Thoughtlessly making noise and provoking the undead that could be potentially lurking around was something he wanted to avoid. The same applied to attracting attention from his surroundings.

It would still be manageable if it were only a bunch of ordinary Imperial Soldiers that had been transformed into undead fighters, but he preferred to not find himself in a fight against skilled opponents. His reluctance was amplified by the fact that he was carrying something that he could not simply abandon.

???: [――――]

He took a whiff of the air around him with a sniff, then grimaced at the stench of rusty iron wafting from the inside of the room.

It was the smell of blood. Once one became used to it, distinguishing its freshness became easier, more or less. The aforementioned odor had been induced by recently spilt blood, coming not from just a single individual at that.

As expected, upon investigating the furthermost room, there were two bodies piled up atop each other.

Left behind in the single house facing the main street, were the corpses of an old woman and a man.

The perpetrator must have been the undead that he had chopped down in front of the house right before this. It was none other than because these corpses were freshly made that the sword in the undead’s hand had been drenched in blood.

The victims were presumably parent and child. Unfortunately, their expressions during their last moments could not be described as serene, so he was unable to compare their facial features. The old woman was lying on the bed, and the man seemed to have fallen on top of her as if he were placing himself over her, a broken sword lying beside him.

???: [They couldn’t escape in time… No, it’s something else.]

The composition of the scene was not that of two people who failed to escape in time, but of a son who had stayed behind to protect his mother because she was unable to run.

To intuitively perceive the display as such was far too ironic for it to have occurred in the Imperial Capital, which stood at the heart of the Vollachian Empire, a place where it was only natural for the weak to be trampled upon.

Nevertheless, he could not laugh at the irony. If only he had arrived a few minutes earlier.

???: [――――]

Placing his drawn sword back into its sheath, he silently gazed upon the corpse of the man who had decided how he would use his own life in the midst of a visit from an inevitable tragedy.

Had he been placed in the same situation, would he have been able to fight until his life was depleted like this man, with his back to the bed where his dearest family laid upon?

???: [It’s pointless, the answer’s obvious.]

He spat irritatedly, ridding himself of the bitter glob of saliva with a lingering revulsion that did not disappear.

Yes, it was a question for himself with an obvious answer. It was self-evident that he would turn tail and run off, regardless. ――And, the moment he ridiculed himself in that manner.

???: [Heeey, redhead! Where ya at!? I got my business done!]

Suddenly, he heard a tremendously loud voice coming from outside of the building, and his head shot up to look at the window.

The ruddy face that he had gone separate ways with surfaced in his memory, and he felt himself sober up as the blood drained from his face at the recklessness of raising one’s voice in this undead-infested city.

His head clobbered by the weight of reality, which he was not able to brush off with the drunkenness he had inflicted upon himself by drinking and drinking on and on, he clicked his tongue as he peered out of the window he had approached.

Just then, at the bottom of his line of sight, on the street there was a single blue-haired man in a wasou outfit searching for him while waving his hand―― no, next to him was a small silhouette in similar clothing. [1]

???: [Where might you be, Dad’s companion! This area isn’t suitable for having a nice and long talk, so why don’t we move somewhere else where it’s easier to do so! That is, only if what Dad told me about having a companion isn’t a drunken illusion or a joke of the sort, of course!]

???: [Whoa now, how could ya say that? Saying those sorts of things after grabbing yer parent with ya… My child has grown into an ungrateful son. I wonder, I wonder! What went wrong with my parenting…!]

???: [Nonono, it’s not your fault, Dad! You hardly ever raised me, after all!]

With those two noisy fellows bunched together, describing the ruckus as twice as loud would be a massive understatement.

Although there was a difference between being drunk on alcohol or drunk on oneself, upon hearing the voice that he knew belonged to an equally drunken man, the companion whom the two were on the search for―― Heinkel, held his head in his free hand.

As the throbbing headache from his hangover kicked up a fuss about a pain caused by something other than the influence of alcohol, he adjusted his grip on the emergency food, on the hyenaperson, who had stirred in his grasp, and then let loose a deep sigh that reeked of liquor.

△▼△▼△▼△

The two idiots continued to make a racket on the main street, unmindful of the fact they were out in public.

If he left them behind and they were consumed by the surging crowd of undead as a result, it could be chalked up as them reaping the consequences of their actions. However, since Heinkel did not want to be dragged into that process, he called out for them right away.

As the two were invited into the house in that fashion, an unexpected plus-one had come along with them.

???: [I didn’t expect you to be staying in the Imperial Capital, Heinkel-san. I thought you’d have already ran away, or if not, then…]

Heinkel: [Died, were you about to say? I’m going to say the same exact thing back to you, Aldebaran.]

Al: [Al, please.]

Al, the man in the steel helmet, responded upon their unanticipated reunion, while using a finger to fiddle with the metallic parts of his helmet.

During the all-out battle that had encompassed the Imperial Capital between the regular army and the revolutionaries, Heinkel, as a part of the rebel faction, had been deployed to a battlefield different from Priscilla’s and Al’s, so he was not aware of the outcome of the battle, nor their well-being.

An answer he had no means of knowing even if he wanted to. By chance, it had been brought to him.

In addition to it――,

Heinkel: [So Miss Priscilla’s been captured, huh. It’s a bit hard to believe.]

Al: [Well, charging headfirst into unexpected developments is a part of Princess’s troublesome charm, but this time, even I feel like I shouldn’t leave her on her own. So, I ended up staying in the Imperial Capital, but…]

Heinkel: [Then, you came across that bunch.]

Al nodded at Heinkel’s words with a “Yeah.”

He was covered by his steel helmet, rendering both his expression and facial complexion unknown, but Heinkel could infer the extent of the hardship that Al had been wrung through from the tiredness in his tone and his overall mood.

Al was someone who could get along with Priscilla, the living embodiment of outrageous and haphazard behavior. If he had been reduced to such a state, then Heinkel could easily guess the dreadfulness of who he had been dealing with.

Regardless, meeting the person who had made Al utterly exhausted was also a strange turn of fate.

???: [Well, well, I didn’t expect to have a reunion with you in a place like this, Dad. I thought I hadn’t seen you around for a while, but could it possibly be you who threw me into the Gladiator Island and plotted for me to play a role in a story about the legend of the Island or something like that?]

Chattering away and lining up one sentence after another at breakneck speed, the boy who munched down on the dried meat he had arbitrarily brought out from the house’s storage cabinet―― Cecilus, as he called himself, the son of Rowan, who had been tagging along with Heinkel, much to his astonishment.

On top of that, it might as well be some sort of joke, but Cecilus’s full name, including his family name was――,

Heinkel: [――Cecilus Segmunt. The Blue Lightning of Vollachia.]

The Vollachian Empire’s strongest swordsman, and the immovable First of the Imperial Nine Divine Generals.

No matter how far he had fallen, Heinkel was still the Deputy Commander of the Kingdom of Lugunica’s Royal Guards. He at least knew the names of famous figures from their insidious neighboring country.

Peerless even within the blood-soaked history of the Empire, he was the individual who had taken the most lives in this world, and was also said to be someone so powerful he was a rival to the Kingdom’s Sword Saint.

Heinkel: [――――]

Heinkel narrowed his eyes at Cecilus, who looked roughly around eleven or twelve years of age, and scorned himself for even thinking about making light of his capabilities just because of his youth.

For the truly powerful beings, topics such as their appearance and age were simply nonsensical and would leave one with nothing but misery.

When Heinkel had first lost to his son, Reinhard, with the sword, it was before the latter had turned six years old. ――In this world, those kinds of entities existed.

If anything, Heinkel had to admit that someone like Rowan was a rarity for him.

Similarly to Heinkel, if he was also the father of someone proclaimed to be the strongest, then having his own reservations regarding the sword skills and fame of his son, Cecilus, would be――,

Rowan: [Hahaha, yer making me laugh. The battles to the death on the Gladiator Island are just exhibitions in the end, so ya won’t learn anything for yer sword or technique no matter who or how many people ya cut down in that place. Dumping ya in that kinda place’d be nothing more than a detour in yer path to reaching the Heavenly Sword.]

Indifferent to the thoughts rearing their ugly head within Heinkel, the ruddy-faced Rowan shrugged his shoulders as he brought the booze-filled gourd to his mouth, seemingly in high spirits as he conversed with his son.

Cecilus replied with an, “Oh, I see then,” not appearing the slightest bit worked up by it, tilting his head as he bit off a piece of the dried meat.

Cecilus: [Well, I did suspect that wasn’t the case because the direction of that sort of method wasn’t clear at all for someone like you. But then, it becomes more of a strange, strange mystery because I don’t understand why I was on the Island at all.]

Rowan: [Now, that’s gotta be another odd, bizarre, and unusual way to put it. Anyway, it wasn’t arranged by me… Hmm?]

Rowan took a pause in the middle of his sentence, then gave Cecilus a long stare from head to toe.

Noticing his father’s gaze, Cecilus caused the sleeves of his wasou outfit to sway back and forth, performing a twirl that made his long, untied blue hair spread out.

Cecilus: [What’s the matter? Even if it’s been a long time, I would think it’s difficult to forget the brilliance of the leading actor that I am.]

Rowan: [Apart from that, wait a minute, Son! Where’d ya put Murasame and Masayume? Such fine blades aren’t meant to be removed so carelessly from yer waist.]

Cecilus: [ Phinbrades ? Do you mean katana by that? What are you saying? There’s an unspoken agreement between you and me where I won’t hold a katana , and also that you won’t let me hold one either until I obtain a blade worthy of me. Woefully, my waist remains light because I still haven’t come across an exceptional katana I’ve been looking for. Shaky, shake!] [2]

Rowan: [Hmmmmm?]

Rowan’s eyes became increasingly cloudy with suspicion as Cecilus continued shaking his weaponless hips. Eventually, his eyes widened with an, “Ah,” as if he had made sense out of the situation.

And then――,

Rowan: [Upon giving ya a careful look ‘cause of this feeling of strangeness, whaddya have here? Cecilus, ya shrunk down in height!]

Al: [You realize that now!?]

Al raised his voice at the surprised Rowan, having been hit with a feeling of bewilderment that went beyond surprise.

Next to him, the Cecilus in question echoed, “Shrunk?” with a clueless expression. Needless to say, Heinkel also had no idea of what was going on.

In his place, Al, who looked like he had an idea, closed the distance between himself and Rowan with brisk steps,

Al: [I want to make this clear, so you’re Cecilus’s dad, and the Cecilus you know was really an adult. That’s correct, right?]

Cecilus: [Please wait, Al-san, I’m not sure about that. In the first place, I wonder when and at what kind of timing are humans able to say that they became an adult? For example, if someone cut down another person for the first time, and if you don’t consider them as full-fledged, then it would make it so that the person who had been cut down was killed by someone who is only half-baked, so I feel as if this is a meaningless discussion…]

Al: [You shut it for now! So, what about it, old man?]

Rowan: [Ya don’t hafta press me that hard, helmeted gentleman. Firstly, from the eyes of a parent, even if their kid’s grown somewhat taller, they’ll always stay in the kid category, y’know. Besides, when it comes to Cecilus, that one’s words and actions never matured a bit from when he was a kid, no matter how much time passed…]

Al: [I’ve heard enough of the fact that you two are parent and child…!]

Bombarded with responses comparable to an avalanche by Rowan, who he had drawn closer to, and Cecilus, who was next to him, Al stomped the ground as if he was venting out his pent-up anger.

Heinkel felt sorry for him, scratching his own red hair roughly,

Heinkel: [So, Aldebaran. Is this what you want to say? Cecilus Segmunt over there shrunk down and became a child for some reason.]

Al: [It’s Al… Well, I know everything about how it happened and how to undo it, but yeah.]

Heinkel: [You know how to undo it, too…?]

It sounded absurd to just nod with a, “I see,” upon being told that a person had shrunk in size, but thinking back to the scene akin to the truest of hells he had seen during the decisive battle at the Imperial Capital, he could accept that most things he saw were not entirely out of the question.

If they could expect Cecilus to turn back, then it probably was not too much of a setback.

Heinkel: [Well, why don’t we start talking after turning him back?]

Al: [As much as I wanna do that, we need a certain old shinobi to return him to normal. So for now, we need to go on while he stays at that size… Hey, why didn’t you notice that your son’s become tiny the moment you saw him?]

Al slowly shook his head sideways, then pointed the subject of the matter towards Rowan.

However, Rowan traced his noticeably stubbly chin with a finger at Al’s query,

Rowan: [Of course, whether my son’s big or small ain’t important to me.]

Al: [Oioi, is this a contest to decide who’s the shittiest dad? Are the dads of the strongest in each country all something like this?]

Heinkel: [――. How about you? Do you know you’ve shrunk?]

Al let out an exasperated grumble at Rowan’s answer, given abashedly by someone who was far from an exemplary father. Reluctant to react to Al’s grumbling, Heinkel brought up the subject with Cecilus.

At his words, Cecilus, who was starting on his third piece of dried meat, laughed out, “Well,”

Cecilus: [If you’re asking me whether I’m aware or not, then I’m not! Shrinking or growing, I’ve already gone on stage as myself!]

Heinkel: [Alright…]

Cecilus: [However! Howeeever! The things said by Boss, Gustav-san, the others on the Island, and the rest of the side characters are falling into place! I believe the foreshadowing has come together!]

Cecilus hit the surface of a desk that was close at hand, his voice bubbling with enthusiasm.

The look on his face said that something about it had made sense to him, but it all sounded like gibberish to Heinkel, having only followed after the words spoken during their conversation. A shrinking body should be a grave matter, but all Heinkel knew was that neither father nor child took it too seriously.

Rowan: [Though, it all adds up now. No wonder I thought he was so calm even when he faced me. Ya see, we had quite the parting.]

Cecilus: [Oh? I don’t recall anything about it, but I’m curious as to how we part――]

Cecilus tipped his head sideways at Rowan’s revelation, keenly stroking his chin.

A parting with a father which the son had forgotten. For all that, taking their interactions thus far into account, Heinkel imagined that it could not be anything but awful.

At that moment――,

???: [――The fucker over there’s the motherfucker that planned a fucking assassination of His Excellency and got sliced up for it.]

A sharp voice cut in, capturing Heinkel and the others’ gazes in its direction.

And there, was the petite hyenaperson that had been fast asleep until now, picking himself up from the floor he had been left aside on. Sitting up in a cross-legged position, he glared at Rowan with a sour look on his face,

???: [I’m also real fucking surprised to see this shithead alive when he should be dead. Especially because I can’t imagine that even the fucking dumbass Cecilus would fuck it up.]

Cecilus: [Oh, you’re awake, doggy. Woof, woof! I’m glad you’re looking very well.]

???: [You’re being fucking stupid as always, you piece of shit!]

Cecilus pouted with a sulky expression at the shouting hyenaperson.

Judging from his reaction, the hyenaperson seemed to be acquainted with Cecilus. However, it must be said that it was Cecilus who did not remember such a fact. ――No, from the current flow of the conversation, perhaps saying that he had forgotten about what happened before he shrunk would be the correct way to phrase it.

It was a ridiculous story, but it could be because he did not recall anything from his adulthood that he, Rowan, and the hyenaperson were all on different pages, talking past each other.

Al: [By the way, who’s this guy that was knocked out earlier? He seems pretty energetic…]

Rowan: [Ah, Mister Furball over here is General First-Class Groovy. He’s one of the Empire’s Nine Divine Generals, and Cecilus’s colleague.]

Al: [By Groovy… Oh, you mean Groovy Gumlet!]

Perplexed by the unpredicted identity of the stranger Al’s voice rose a pitch higher, but Heinkel was just as surprised as him.

After all, Rowan had only told him that the person was someone important without giving him any further information, so he had been carrying him along as a lump of baggage.

Depending on the situation, he might have treated the luggage that was the hyenaperson as a shield against the undead’s attacks.

Al: [Which means, even though one of them’s shrunken down, there’s two General First-Classes here. I want to say it’s giving me some unexpected hope, but…]

Rowan: [――? What could it be?]

Al: [Didn’t General First-Class-san just say something crazy? Planned the Emperor’s assassination?]

Once Al brought the topic back on track, Rowan was once again at the center of attention.

For a moment, the hyenaperson’s—― Groovy’s awakening and his exchange with Cecilus had stolen Heinkel’s focus, but he had indeed said that.

Faced with everyone’s distrustful looks, Rowan placed a hand on his forehead with an, “Oopsie,”

Rowan: [That’s a misunderstanding, ya see. I haven’t planned to assassinate His Excellency the Great Emperor. I only tried to have my son do it.]

Heinkel: […That’s no excuse. So, as parent and child, you guys are both guilty of an attempted assassination of the Emperor?]

Heinkel stared at the blue-haired parent and child, stunned by the explanation that failed to serve its purpose as one.

He had never heard of the Emperor being killed, so it was probably just handled as an attempt, but that was quite an egregious rumor to have floating around.

However, Groovy shook his head with a, “You’re wrong,” to Heinkel’s question,

Groovy: [This fucker told His Excellency that his shitty dad was planning it. After that, the story goes that he went to put an end to the nasty fucking plot along with his shitty dad.]

Al: [But isn’t he alive because Cecilus didn’t put an end to it?]

Groovy: [I dunno about it either, fucking hell! OI, CECILUS, YOU FUCKER! The hell were you thinking, letting your shit-for-a-father live!?]

Cecilus: [Who knows? Even if you told me it was something I did, between the me of yesterday, the me of today, and the me of tomorrow, the quotes and exceptional directions of the sort that flash across my mind during the moment will also change. However, it’s hard to imagine that I failed to do it, so perhaps it could be that I purposefully didn’t do it?]

Groovy shot up to his feet, edging in on Cecilus, but the boy with a similar stature waved his hand with an unapologetic look, as if he were saying that the answer was lost together with his missing height.

In reality, asking Cecilus about this when he presumably could not recall his own reasons would be fruitless. Instead of clinging on to an unknown answer――,

Heinkel: [Blue hair, why did you plot the Emperor’s assassination? Is your goal to overthrow the government?]

Rowan: [Hahaha, ya say such silly, silly things, redhead. My goal’s mighty simple. If my son were to do away with His Excellency the Emperor, the whole of the Empire’d become his enemy.]

Heinkel: [That’s pretty… Obvious, though?]

Rowan: [That’s my goal. A situation where those Imperial Soldiers are gonna keep on attacking without sparing any time to eat or sleep… There’s no better environment than that to polish his sword skills between life and death!]

Heinkel: [――――]

Acting as if he had come up with a wonderful idea, Rowan gave a good-humored, resounding slap to his knee.

Heinkel could only widen his eyes while frozen in place, unable to comprehend the logic he was voicing out. On the other hand, Cecilus spoke up, chiming in, “Ah, ah, ah!” after hearing those words,

Cecilus: [I see, I see, so that’s why! I have no recollection of it, but if it’s Dad, then he’d make me do something like that. He’d stop at nothing to reach the Heavenly Sword!]

Rowan: [Yer talent with the sword’s the real deal… But, when it comes to ya, ya hit the ceiling right in front of the Heavenly Sword. If that’s the case, I thought, why not use a somewhat heavy-handed method to let ya break outta yer shell… Out of parental love.]

Cecilus: [Hahhahha, parental love? That’s really unlike you! If you had human emotions like that left in you, Dad, then you wouldn’t have killed five or six of your own children until one with talent, me, was born.]

Rowan: [Oh dear! No way I can argue against that!]

Their biggest doubts having been dispelled, the eccentric laughter from the giggling father and son reverberated loudly.

While Groovy regarded their words with a scowl and Al listened to them with a hand to his neck, Heinkel’s vision began to sway in a bout of dizziness, and he bumped his shoulder against the wall.

Their parent-child relationship was unfathomable.

He struggled to understand what was driving him to go that far. Suddenly, the faint hope he had harbored towards Rowan until just a moment ago, a type of shared feeling he had for the person who stood on the same foot—— the father of someone considered as the strongest, had faded away rapidly before vanishing completely.

He had plotted the assassination of the Vollachian Emperor, been betrayed by his own child and fell short of his goal in addition, was considered long dead, and in a position where he would be well-known for his appalling notoriety.

With all that in mind, Heinkel could not comprehend why he was able to laugh so nonchalantly.

Heinkel was in a similar position in his home country. Even so, it was terribly suffocating.

Even if he had been only suspected of a crime he had no memory of committing, such as being involved with the kidnapping of a member of the Royal Family, it was still unbearably suffocating――.

Al: [――Right, I got the idea that each of us have our own circumstances.]

Al spoke out quietly, ignoring Heinkel, who was in the midst of a spell of dizziness.

He, too, might have his own thoughts concerning the previous conversation between the father and son, as well as Groovy’s status, in his mind. However, he gulped down the entirety of those emotions and placed a lid over them.

That was because Al had already decided what to prioritize in this place, over the doubts laying about in front of him.

Al: [We’re all members that have something we’re looking for, or have some objective at the Imperial Capital. The lineup might be full of talented people who don’t really need anyone to lend a hand to them, but they have no reason to go out of their way to reject willing collaborators. Isn’t that right?]

He asked, surveying the roster in the room with a glance.

Groovy crossed his short arms, puffing out his chest at Al’s question,

Groovy: [I just woke up, so I only know the Imperial Capital’s got this shitty ass earthy smell to it. Plus I don’t wanna be left behind with this fucking dumbass and the fucking dumbass’s dad. ――I dunno what His Fucking Clever Excellency’s planning, either.]

Al: [The primary goal’s to fight off the undead, regardless of whether we’re enemies or allies… At least, I can believe that you’ve got the same idea as us, right?]

Groovy: [You don’t have to be worried for shit, it’s the same for me.]

Groovy asserted with a bullish tone, showing his agreement with Al’s opinion rather aggressively. Subsequently, after receiving his response, Al looked over to Cecilus,

Al: [I understand that you and your dad’ve got a unique parent-child relationship. I dunno why you’re able to get along and laugh together considering what happened, but the topic of parents is also a touchy subject for me. I won’t elaborate. But, instead of――]

Cecilus: [There’s no need to worry, Al-san. You don’t have to choose your words so anxiously. There were a few occasions where your decisions saved me during the previous battle with the archer. So! For now, I believe it’s unnecessary to have a clash in our objectives just for us to part ways.]

Al: [That’s great. That’s great, but also please don’t try to kill me on a whim. I can’t deal with it no matter how many lives I have.]

Cecilus: [Hahaha, no matter how many lives you have! Nice joke !]

Al: [It’s not a joke , though…]

Al breathed a sigh as Cecilus let out a cheerful cackle while making a thumbs-up.

Finally, he gathered both Heinkel and Rowan within his field of view,

Al: [How ‘bout you, old man? Whatcha gonna do?]

Rowan: [Whoaaa, helmeted gentleman! Compared to my son and Mister Furball, the way ya talk when ya invite us is as if yer being forced to speak… That wounds me, y’know.]

Al: [I mean, I kinda have the worst impression of you right now.]

Shrugging his shoulders and his one arm, Al let Rowan know about his impression of him in a blunt manner, and then craned his neck in Heinkel’s direction,

Al: [You might’ve had nothing to show for during the all-out battle, but you can make up for it if you go and rescue Princess. Without her, your wish won’t come true. Right, Heinkel-san?]

Heinkel: [I…]

Upon being told that by Al, Heinkel clenched the back of his teeth together as he dropped his gaze.

Just as Al said, Heinkel was a part of the Priscilla Camp because there was something he wanted, a reward that he could obtain should she win her way through the Royal Selection.

Essentially, no expectations had been placed on the contributions and capabilities of Heinkel himself. The only thing he was expected to do was to act as a constraint against Reinhard, who was allied with another Candidate.

If he thought about it in this way, no matter how much he was able to contribute to Priscilla in this situation, he would only be achieving results that deviated from his original role.

Adding on to that――,

Heinkel: [――――]

Heinkel had already fallen to his knees once on the battlefield, giving up on fighting back.

Upon witnessing a sight that appeared otherworldly, as if the world had been flipped upside down on its head, he had lost heart. ――Heinkel had tried to give up.

That was why he had left the battlefield, drowned himself in liquor as Rowan dragged him away, and closed the lid on top of everything.

And yet, he thought,

Heinkel: […Louanna.]

Within his heart, having been told that he had an opportunity to redeem himself, a certain regret showed its shameful face.

If Priscilla had not seen him when he had run away, nor his state of mind when he had given up; if he could pretend everything was going well, he wanted to turn a blind eye to the fear that had once gripped his throat, and continue reaching out a hand.

Heinkel: [――. But, what can we do? Even if we band together, we’re just five people. Are you saying we can save an Empire on the brink of destruction with this group of five?]

Cecilus: [That’s certainly one upsetting, offensive opinion. Of course, we seem like a group of five people if you only look at the numbers, but the strength that lies within me alone is over and above the equivalent of a hundred others so you’d opt to reword it as a million and four peopmrghmrghmrgh…]

Groovy: [Shut your fucking trap.]

Locked in a battle with his inner worries, Heinkel sought for their chances of succeeding and outlooks on what awaited them.

As one would expect, General First-Class Groovy had made use of his own hand to cover the mouth of Cecilus’s meaningless banter aimed at Heinkel’s words. Keeping Cecilus’s mouth covered, he glanced at Al with a “Though,”

Groovy: [It’s just as the red old fart fucking said. Even though we have me and this fucking dumbass, it’s not easy to kill the shit out of those motherfuckers outside.]

Cecilus: [Byyy~ the way, I think we shouldn’t do that. Why? Because of a hunch the leading actor’s got!]

Groovy: [Shut your fucking trap!]

Leaving aside the two, who began squabbling over whether they should cover Cecilus’s mouth or not, Heinkel’s doubts remained suspended in the air, unresolved.

Truthfully, Heinkel had already made up his mind to an extent. If he could settle it without giving in, then he could not afford to give in. All that was left was the reason he was seeking.

Al flicked the metal fittings on his helmet with a finger at Heinkel, who continued to look for the reason he sought,

Al: [Just as Heinkel-san said, we’re being way too ambitious if we think we can turn around the situation with just us five. That said, what we need to do isn’t something as grand as saving the Empire. ――We gotta pave the road.]

Rowan: [The road, ya said?]

Rowan licked up the alcohol in his gourd, then wiped his mouth with a sleeve. Al nodded at his query with a, “Yeah.”

He turned his head, gazing ahead at the closed window; the Imperial Capital could be seen behind it, reduced to a city of corpses.

And then――,

Al: [Saving the Empire’s a job for a hero. We’re gonna create a starting point for it. As many points as we can, and anywhere we can get our hands on, because there’s no knowing what’s gonna come in handy.]

Heinkel blinked his eyes at Al’s words, which gave him the impression of sounding oddly confident.

It was as if he were implying that he had an idea of someone who could pull it off, but Heinkel had no idea of who that someone was, nor did Rowan or Groovy.

However, as the one unbounded regarded those words with gleaming eyes,

Cecilus: [――In other words, it’s foreshadowing!!]

In high spirits and highly enthusiastic, the young Blue Lightning declared as such, welcoming Al’s aim with open arms.

In terms of the power dynamic in this place, it did not take long for it to be expressed as the collective opinion of the five people taking part in this meeting.

Translator’s note:

[1] Wasou – “traditional Japanese outfit” in the language of this world.

[2] Rowan refers to those two swords as “業物”, which is somewhat unconventional, and Cecilus’s reply is written using the Katakana spelling of the expression, which is rendered here as a bastardized pronounciation of the term.

--- Chapter 38: Rowan Segmunt ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Rowan Segmunt was a Stargazer.

Stargazer, in a sense different to the official position of the Vollachian Empire, to which Ubilk, who was one among them, had been appointed by Vincent Vollachia for the first time; he was a Stargazer in the original sense of the expression.

Bestowed with a commandment that ought to be prioritized more than anything else in their lives, a being that would relinquish anything and everything in order to fulfill their grand purpose; that was a Stargazer.

One could surmise that Vincent’s act of deliberately conferring the title of Stargazer upon the official position held by Ubilk held not only the purpose of bestowing meaning unto the aforementioned post, but even possessed the intention to reduce the very existence of Stargazers to a formality. The Wise Emperor’s true motives may be ignored for the time being, however.

What was important, was the fact that Rowan Segmunt was one of those bestowed with a commandment.

The compulsive force that acted on a person vested in a commandment, thus becoming a Stargazer, was quite strong.

It was endowed with power to interfere with human life such that it could provide a mere male prostitute the influential voice to frequent the palace as to provide the Emperor with his opinion, that it could cause a frail mother to forget the love she felt for the daughter to whom she had given birth while on the verge of death, that it could easily make someone abandon the objective they had devoted their entire life to.

Upon receiving their commandment, many Stargazers would have the lives they had been leading till that point distorted, coerced, being forced to alter the principles of their way of life. And, they did not consider that as a tragedy.

Rather, having been granted a great ambition, one they needed to accomplish even if it took them their entire lifetime, doubtlessly believing that fulfilling it was the purpose of their very birth, they even felt great happiness.

No matter how abnormal, how pitiful it might seem to those around them, that was how it was.

But, in regards to that tragedy shared by the Stargazers, the position Rowan had been placed in was an exception when compared to his fellow Stargazers.

After all, the commandment bestowed upon Rowan Segmunt was to reach the Heavenly Sword.

――And that, was none other than the great ambition Rowan himself had harbored even before the commandment had been bestowed upon him.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [To master the way of the swordsman, many months and years spent with steel in hand――]

Rocking his head from left to right, his face flushed red with a scent of liquor, Rowan sang in good humor.

There was no particular melody to it, but since he was in such high spirits, he could not help but sing. Happily staggering back and forth, his footwork would appear to be that of a dance.

A while prior, slightly before the uproar of the black-haired Crown Prince had begun, the nostalgic fragrance of blood had hung in the air across the entire Empire.

An omen of war it had been; as the reign of Vincent had been so ridiculously docile, Rowan had had a hunch that its backlash would cause an extremely large disturbance in the world.

That hunch of his had been right on the mark. The Empire was now facing a moment of disaster, one in which even the boundary between the living and the dead was unclear.

Rowan: [Ahh, really, this is the kinda world I like.]

The world was estranged from peace, and the more chaotic the state of the world got, the more the way of steel would be refined.

He did not mean that more diligent efforts ought to be applied in that case, just that there should be more enemies who were worth slaying. But generally, it was quite difficult for astonishingly powerful beings to come into being amidst peace.

Even if souls did know where they would arrive, their frame of mind seemed to be harmonized with their vessels of flesh before inhabiting them.

Those born into turbulent times would come into being bestowed with the aptitude to live in those turbulent times.

Therefore, expecting those same souls to be dwelling within people born outside of turbulent times was a bet with really poor odds. Rowan had lost that gamble many a time, and was only blessed with Cecilus after killing eight of his own children with his own hands.

Upon seeing a drawn blade during their first bath after being born, Cecilus had been the only one to laugh at it as something he would come to love for his entire life.

Rowan: [To think that Cecilus’s also hit his ceiling, and yet the Heavenly Sword’s far off still. Ahh, ahh, really, really… I really was born in the wrong era.]

Using his palm against his forehead as a visor, Rowan grumbled out his lamentations many times.

The more chaotic the world got, the more ruined that peace fell, the more the era would demand the overwhelming might of the strong. With the path to reach the Heavenly Sword having become so distant and steep, he wondered just how good it would have been to live in the era of four-hundred years ago, when all living things feared the Witch.

Had he been born in that epoch, there would be no fear of the path to reach the Heavenly Sword being cut short.

Much less, would Rowan have Cecilus――,

???: [――Oi, do you intend on doing this seriously, you.]

Rowan: [Hmm?]

A voice called out to his tottering back from behind him, and Rowan turned around inquisitively.

With both legs firmly planted on the stone pavement, the glinting eyes glaring at him from above belonged to a red-haired swordsman of tall stature―― to a person bearing the name of Heinkel.

That man had ought to have been binge-drinking together with Rowan till a moment prior, yet he now wore a completely sober expression in stark contrast. Though expectations were that he would don a tidier appearance compared to the time Rowan had initially found him on a plain, he looked even more haggard than before, strangely so.

Rowan: [Yer spirits still kinda down? C’mon, redhead, let’s just drink. The town’s a lil’ lacking, but fortunately those undead folk are leaving the food and booze untouched.]

Heinkel: [Fortunately… Hk.]

Rowan: [Ohhh, looks like that rubbed ya the wrong way.]

As Rowan raised his alcohol-filled gourd up high, Heinkel grinded his teeth, his cheeks stiffening.

Since that response indicated refusal, Rowan reluctantly allowed that destinationless alcohol to pass through his own gullet.

As he had informed Heinkel, without paying much attention to the noticeable restaurants and residences, the undead were prowling around in search of the living, but their objective was neither food nor alcohol, it was blood.

That was to say, they were free to satisfy their hunger and drunkenness as much as they pleased.

Rowan: [What’s not to like about that? If stuff’s just gonna spoil if we leave it be, the rational thing for us to do’d be to have our fill.]

Heinkel: [Food and alcohol and whatnot, those things don’t matter in the slightest! I have no hopes for your sense of duty… for the sense of duty of both you and your kid. More importantly, answer me, do you intend on doing this seriously?]

Rowan: [――――]

As Heinkel raised his voice, Rowan closed a single eye at those words, and kept silent.

The red-haired swordsman seemed to have grown irritated simply because he was unable to wait for those few seconds; unable to guess what his problem was, Rowan went without knowing what the answer to that question was in earnest.

Guessing the thoughts and feelings of others was something Rowan was not very good at.

That same defect seemed to have been inherited by Cecilus, but he would overcome that problem by force, making use of a different point of view. Rowan could not do the same thing.

In any case――,

Rowan: [Redhead, are ya worried ‘bout whether or not I’m gonna take part in that helmeted gentleman’s plan?]

Heinkel: [That’s right. The flow of events brought me back here, but as Aldebaran said, this is a chance for redemption. I won’t screw this up.]

With a nod, Heinkel pointed over yonder―― No, far beyond that, he indicated the sturdy ramparts that forbade one from seeing the outside of the Imperial Capital from within.

To the star-shaped ramparts used to protect the citizens from the rebel army in the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, and thus――,

Heinkel: [It’s one of the five bastions we’ve got to capture.]

His voice leaden and tense, Heinkel spoke of the target of their tactics.

The man in the steel helmet, the person known as Al had spoken of the “path” they ought to pave―― foreshadowing for the sake of a “hero” who would come after Rowan and the others who were currently in the Imperial Capital.

Presently, the only living people at this place were Rowan and Heinkel, and luckily, they had not come across a single dead person. Cecilus, Groovy, and Al had gone off in a separate group.

All of them were taking action to open holes in the strong bulwark that safeguarded the Imperial Capital.

The method that Rowan, Heinkel, and Groovy had employed to enter the Imperial Capital had been quite illogical, so it would likely be difficult for others to replicate. In that case, the notion that they had to create passages was a proposal that made sense.

Then, after parting ways with his son, who was boisterous even after being shrunken, the middle-aged duo began a carefree journey―― preventing them from doing so was the heat Heinkel was filled with. Wondering what to do, Rowan scratched his cheek.

Ignoring Rowan’s sentiment, Heinkel clicked his tongue, and,

Heinkel: [To be honest, I don’t get what your son meant by “foreshadowing”, but…]

Rowan: [Well, ya really shouldn’t worry too much about the way he speaks. Anyhow, there ain’t no doubt about the fact that things won’t be able to proceed as long as those ramparts are in use.]

Heinkel: [If you understand that…!]

Rowan: [――Why would I choose not to take part?]

As Heinkel bared his teeth and shouted, Rowan interrupted the words of the former and shrugged his shoulders.

His daunted face was actually hilarious, and Rowan wished to say that it would be delicious to drink alcohol while gazing at it, but going too hard on the booze would be a mistake. It would be a hassle to procure alcohol at this place, and there was no guarantee that the man in front of him would not carelessly draw his sword.

Rowan: [Nah, redhead here ain’t drawing his sword against me.]

Heinkel: [――Hk.]

Rowan: [Ahh, ahh, ya really don’t need to feel any shame. At the very least, I’m the type who doesn’t think it’s very brave to draw yer blade on anyone and everyone without distinction… since I don’t get the difference between what’s scary or not in the slightest.]

Tapping the side of his head with his finger, he touched upon a shortcoming unrelated to his intoxication.

Seeing Heinkel widen his eyes upon hearing that, Rowan looked towards the ramparts,

Rowan: [The reason why I’m not going along with the helmeted gentleman’s offer’s exceedingly simple… His objective’s to retake the Imperial Capital from the dead people, right? That ain’t something I really desire.]

Therefore, he had no reason to cooperate with the plan to get rid of the Imperial Capital’s defenses.

Those were Rowan’s honest feelings, but Heinkel still darted his eyes about in bewilderment. Rowan believed himself to have given a relatively clear answer, so he titled his head in confusion.

Heinkel: [So, in other words, you’re taking the side of those undead guys?]

Rowan: [Why’d ya think that? That’s an entirely different thing, innit. For me, the country’s falling to ruin courtesy of the undead rampaging about. It’s just that a situation of this sort’s convenient, I ain’t taking the side of the undead.]

Heinkel: […It’s no use, I don’t understand what you’re thinking in the slightest. To begin with…]

Rowan: [Hm?]

Heinkel: [Even if you don’t feel like doing it, your son… the Blue Lightning is eager to. Are you just going to overlook that, knowingly?]

Putting his hand over his mouth, Heinkel tried to chew through the information it had been forcibly stuffed with. However, the next thing he spoke was also irrelevant to Rowan.

While it was true that Cecilus was eager to go along with Al’s plan.

Rowan: [I’m me, and my son’s my son, that’s all there is to it. Besides…]

Heinkel: [Besides?]

Rowan: [For Cecilus in his current state, the summit of the Heavenly Sword’s become distant once again. By being shrunken, his skill with the sword’s been dulled. With how he is, he won’t be able to fulfill the promise we made when he slayed me.]

Heinkel: [――――]

With a light stroke of his chest, Rowan reflected on the slash that had been engraved there.

Groovy had loathsomely spoken of the case of the attempted assassination of the Emperor. Rowan’s involvement in it was in trying to get Cecilus to do it, so he could be considered as having instigated an assassination. Either way, after that attempt of his ended in failure, he experienced the stroke of a sword as punishment, and even now he did not forget the scorching heat of that instant.

Then, upon thinking that much, Rowan suddenly cocked his head.

Rowan: [However, redhead, ya seem to be awfully hung up on the matter of me and my son. Thinking back on it, yer reaction was the most intense, redhead. ――Anything wrong ‘bout it?]

At the fact that the shrunken Cecilus was Cecilus, and that Rowan was Cecilus’s father no matter if he was big or small, Heinkel’s reaction had been weighty and thickheaded.

Upon being inquired of the true meaning behind that by Rowan, Heinkel returned an unexpected answer.

That was――,

Heinkel: […I’m Heinkel Astrea.]

Rowan: [Astrea… Astrea, Astrea, Astrea… Oh, OHHHHHHHHH!]

Putting on more than enough airs, Heinkel gave his name, and Rowan gazed at him in wonder.

At first, placing the sound he had heard on his tongue, the conviction did not sink into his brain until he had ruminated on it a few times. However, the very moment it clearly sunk in, his blood boiled at its significance.

Rowan: [So that means, redhead! You, you belong to the Sword Saint’s lineage!]

The Astrea Family of the Kingdom of Lugunica; that was the title of the being said to be the strongest within the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica, or perhaps, the strongest across the entirety of the lands of the Four Great Countries, not just the Kingdom.

A special mention went to the Sword Saint of the current generation, Reinhard van Astrea, whose existence he had heard to be exceptional across all the generations of the Astrea Family until now.

Rowan: [No way, no way, redhead! Ya didn’t pretend yer name was Heinkel while actually being this generation’s Sword Saint, did ya? So that means, yer a blood relative… No, is it yer son!? Yer son’s Reinhard! The father of the Sword Saint! Now this is quite the unexpected coincidence! What a bizarre turn of fate!]

He had heard that Reinhard was of the same age as Cecilus―― the same age that Cecilus was originally.

If that was the case, Rowan could fathom a rough guess of the relationship between Reinhard and Heinkel, as the latter resembled himself in age. At the same time, Heinkel, having finished processing his bitter hangups, wore an expression of reaching comprehension.

Rowan and Heinkel were the fathers of the Blue Lightning and the Sword Saint――.

Rowan: [More importantly, this means that yer a descendant of an ancestor who reached the Heavenly Sword, right?]

Heinkel: […Ah?]

Rowan: [The reputation of the first-generation Sword Saint, Reid Astrea, is true to the memory and the ears! In that case, as a fellow swordsman, I hold respect for those who’ve arrived at the summit that we all ought to aim for.]

The title of Sword Saint was proof of the extraordinary nature of the Astrea Family, and the first generation was considered to be the first to have reached the concept of the Heavenly Sword, a transcendent being who stood at the apex of all swordsmen.

The instant he thought that, it seemed as though his attitude towards Heinkel until now had been rude; hence, a wish to apologize began to rise. Just how rude had he been to a descendant of someone who had reached the Heavenly Sword?

Rowan: [Sorry, redhead. I apologize for all my impoliteness until now. I’d never even thought that a family member of Reid Astrea, who reached the Heavenly Sword, would’ve fallen so low.]

Heinkel: [――――]

Rowan: [Redhead?]

There was no response from Heinkel as Rowan placed his hand on the katana on his waist, and deeply bowed.

Suspicious of that, Rowan looked with an upward glance, and saw Heinkel covering his face with his palm, shaking his head. Then, as he let out a long, frustrated breath,

Heinkel: […Got it. I finally got it. Down to our very roots, I’m completely different to you.]

Rowan: [No matter what’s up, don’t let it get ya down too much. I’m me, and my son’s my son. And so, yer you, redhead. Regardless, ya won’t be able to cut deep unless ya persist with steel.]

Heinkel: [――I have you to thank, for not letting me die back there. For that alone, I’m grateful.]

As if refusing to entertain the back and forth any further, Heinkel turned his back to Rowan.

For a moment, Rowan raised his head with the desire to cut deep into that upright back, but Heinkel was not the type to draw his weapon were his life to be in danger, so he decided to refrain himself from killing in futility.

Killing without any gain would merely dull the steel.

Then, Heinkel headed for the bastion he had pointed to, and would likely work hard to sabotage it.

If there happened to be a skillful individual there, it was unclear whether Heinkel had factored the possibility that he might become unable to do anything into his calculations, but if he intended on depending on Rowan in that possibility, Rowan was sorry.

But, Rowan had his own objective, and his relationship with Heinkel did not take priority over that in the slightest.

So, though he felt a bit lonely to be parting with his drinking buddy, they would just be briefly separating here――,

Heinkel: [What do you want to do by neglecting your son, oi?]

Before running off, Heinkel called out with his back still turned, to which Rowan raised a wry smile.

This also went for his face and expression, but Heinkel really did not betray the impression that he was an unmanly personage. Anyhow, Rowan had no hesitation at that question, and while patting the sword wound on his chest,

Rowan: [Of course, it’s for the sake of my own dearest wish. ――Redhead, I’m the same as ya.]

If he was referring to the matter of neglecting his son, then, they were the same in that regard.

Without any interest whatsoever in how Heinkel would respond to that, Rowan headed for his own objective, and broke into a light sprint through the Imperial Capital, where no living people remained.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Well then, Rowan Segmunt was a Stargazer.

Vowing on his honor, Rowan also had a personality, desires, and a life before becoming a Stargazer, before becoming fully absorbed in fulfilling the commandment granted to him.

Of course, just like the majority of Stargazers, Rowan was bestowed with a commandment, and was compelled to change the way he lived upon becoming a Stargazer. But, to those around him, there was no noticeable change that could be perceived from Rowan.

That was because before he had even been bestowed with a commandment, Rowan Segmunt’s dearest wish had been to reach the Heavenly Sword, and he was obsessed with doing everything that could possibly further that purpose.

Strong individuals who strived to master their techniques just like Rowan, fearsome Witchbeasts that attacked villages, people of the villages destroyed by those Witchbeasts, scoundrels who tyrannized others, saints who donated to others; he had systematically slain everything that could be useful for tempering his steel with reckless abandon, but he had not produced many results.

In various schools, he had studied, acquired techniques, then went on to cut down the heads of the schools; he had tried to unify the many techniques he had absorbed, but when he understood that it only led to the equilibrium of his own skills crumbling, he abandoned that as well.

Quite literally, he had continued to walk and walk and walk a path of blood, but the path to the Heavenly Sword was still unreachable; craving that from the bottom of his heart, he had even considered ending his own life―― and it was at that moment.

That was when Rowan was bestowed with a commandment, and became a Stargazer.

The Heavenly Sword must be reached no matter what, such had become Rowan’s destiny. That did not mean that he himself was to reach the Heavenly Sword, but that he was to pursue trial and error in order to produce a being qualified to reach the Heavenly Sword.

But, he did not know the correct interpretation. Fundamentally, Rowan’s methods always remained the same.

At first, he could do nothing else but try and do everything systemically. He immediately gave up on the path of finding those who had talent, and fostering them to reach it.

He could always perform more skillfully when he did things himself. If they could not perform more skillfully than him, then the Heavenly Sword was just a dream within a dream, so it was better for him to cut down and discard that ephemeral hope.

While he was doing that, he realized it.

There ought to have been meaning in the fact that he had expected himself to be the one who should reach the Heavenly Sword.

Thinking that, he tried to aim for the Heavenly Sword on his own once again, but when it remained an unreachable path even after recklessly endeavoring, and recklessly slaying people, he relinquished it.

That was not it. For Rowan himself, it was not meant to be. ――Rowan’s lineage, ought to reach it instead.

Thus, through Rowan Segmunt’s diligent efforts, a vessel to reach the Heavenly Sword, Cecilus Segmunt, was born, and Rowan’s duty was fulfilled.

Seeing his child soaking in his first bath, giggling as he gazed upon the drawn blade pressed against his neck, Rowan was released from the binds that had tied him down for a long, long time.

When a Stargazer ascertained that their commandment had been fulfilled, they would be liberated from the role bestowed upon them.

Afterwards, what would overcome the mind was a loss of understanding for the sense of values that they had calmly obeyed until then for no reason at all, even distorting their beliefs and convictions.

Of course, the same thing happened to Rowan.

In order to fulfill his commandment, he had been desperate to create a child with the talent to reach the Heavenly Sword; upon seeing the child born at the end of all of it, the moment he realized he had accomplished it, it did not matter to him anymore.

As a result, what remained was his son who was recognized for his potential to reach the Heavenly Sword, and his very self, who had lost sight of his goal to reach the Heavenly Sword, and had squandered the prime years of his life for the sake of others.

Faced with that immensely unbearable truth, this time, Rowan headed towards the decision to end his own life, which he had been unable to carry out in the past.

But――,

Cecilus: [Aaah.]

Laughing at the drawn blade which threatened his life, the son, having been promised to tread the path to reach the Heavenly Sword from birth, clutched the finger of the despairing Rowan, and those thoughts vanished without a trace.

For Rowan, who had cut down so many lives and basked in enough blood to form an entire lake, the shock that this feeble life brought him had been unfathomable.

He had realized it.

At this moment, a being so weak that it could not hold even a single chopstick would acquire ability with the sword worthy of eventually reaching the Heavenly Sword. In that case, where was the reason to assume that his future prospects would only decline after passing his prime?

If a baby could reach the Heavenly Sword, then a path still remained for an old swordsman.

Ergo, Rowan forgot about his sorrow over the path being closed, and vowed once again to strive towards his own desire.

Bestowed with a commandment, fulfilling his commandment, having a child capable of reaching the Heavenly Sword born into this world, Rowan Segmunt was released from his duty as a Stargazer.

――Even now, he did not give up on the path to reach the Heavenly Sword, and continued to move forward.

△▼△▼△▼△

Having separated from Heinkel, Rowan sprinted towards the north side of the Imperial Capital with vigilance.

Ahead of his route was the building that stood out the most within the Imperial Capital, the Crystal Palace, and there was no room to doubt that it had currently been transformed into the base of the undead.

Likely, the ringleader who was resurrecting the dead, with whom Groovy and Al were having issues with, was also present in the Palace, but that was no reason for Rowan to halt his legs.

Storming the Palace, and beheading the ringleader of the enemy faster than anyone else―― Let it be known that he was not heading for the Crystal Palace in order to bring the situation under his control.

That which he had told Heinkel was no lie, it really did not matter to Rowan in the slightest whether the Empire was saved or not. His perception was that it was better for chaos and disaster to be widespread.

There was a reason why Rowan was possessed of a single-minded focus on hastening to the Crystal Palace.

That reason was of course, his biological son, Cecilus Segmunt. However, even if the reason were stated to be Cecilus, it was not due to any parental love or affection.

Rowan: [That damn dullard, it’s absolutely outrageous that he parted ways with the Dream Sword and Fiend Sword.]

In Rowan’s mind as he gnawed his teeth, two katanas that concealed tremendous power were pictured―― Though there were many magic and holy swords in the world, only ten were swords of absolute power.

Two among them were Cecilus’s beloved katanas which he had parted with after being shrunken, the Dream Sword Masayume and the Fiend Sword Murasame.

Even if things were to take a turn for the worst, it would be troubling if those two katanas were to be lost.

It went without saying that, to reach the Heavenly Sword, the person in question was required to possess masterful swordsmanship and talent. But in order to prove to the world that they were the real deal, they must not yield in the aspect of using worthy steel.

And undoubtedly, Masayume and Murasame were two worthy blades.

Rowan: [I dunno when he’ll return to normal, but without his katanas , he ain’t gonna be able to fully take form.]

When the shrunken Cecilus returned to his original size, him being without his swords was out of the question.

It was possible that, during a moment of this exceedingly massive disaster, Cecilus would reach the Heavenly Sword. If Cecilus were to not possess his katanas when that came to pass, it would be absolutely outrageous.

――Even if Cecilus were to reach the Heavenly Sword, were he to go without wielding his perfect katanas at the moment Rowan cut him down, then the latter would have no proof that he himself had reached the Heavenly Sword.

In order to secure that proof, he had no choice but to recover Cecilus’s swords.

Rowan: [That bastard, what an imbecile to shrink and forget the promise he made with his father.]

In the past, Rowan and Cecilus had made a promise as parent and child.

At the time Rowan attempted to quickly make the entirety of the Empire into an enemy, so that he could have Cecilus reach the Heavenly Sword, Cecilus had refused it because “That’s typical of a crude villain” of all things, taking Vincent’s side as he tried to slay Rowan.

Then, in order to have Cecilus turn a blind eye, Rowan had made a promise.

That eventually, once Cecilus reached the Heavenly Sword, Rowan would definitely come to kill him.

Accepting that, Cecilus dropped a gravely-injured Rowan into a river, allowing him to escape. Having survived through the verge of death, Rowan continued to improve his skills as he awaited the promised time.

And now, that moment was imminent, constantly drawing closer.

Rowan: [If the location hasn’t changed――]

While vested with the seat of First, Cecilus had spent nearly the entirety of his earnings on swords.

Therefore, he did not have a mansion befitting a General First-Class, instead living his life in a small hut constructed in the field north of the Crystal Palace. If that had not changed, there was a high chance that both the Dream Sword and the Fiend Sword were being stored in that small hut.

In order to retrieve those and deliver them to Cecilus, Rowan headed for the hinterland of the Crystal――,

Rowan: [――Hk.]

He evaded the eyes of the undead, he passed by the Crystal Palace, and when he tried to proceed to the base of the destroyed reservoir wall, Rowan took a great leap sideways due to a sudden presence.

And, that had been the right thing to do.

――A tremendous impact crashed down from overhead, its vehement, destructive force generating a circular crater in the main street.

The walls surrounding the Crystal Palace that faced the street warped and crumbled, and as a plume of smoke akin to an explosion filled his vision, Rowan clicked his tongue and unsheathed his blade.

Utilizing the cloud-cutting technique he released a strike to sever the eruption of smoke, he was then able to lay eyes on the being present beyond it, on the culprit that had produced the impact.

Standing there was a lone woman, of tall, slender stature.

With long flowing white hair, the woman was adorned in a blue dress and stood with an elegant posture. Though Rowan was completely ignorant in concepts of beauty and ugliness, his values would evaluate her graceful physique as quite beautiful.

Her long-slitted blue eyes were pregnant with a hue of sorrow, which brought suspicion to Rowan.

Unlike the undead, she did not possess black eyeballs of golden irises. Blood coursed through her white skin, so the woman fixing her gaze on him was likely a living person.

However, this was the palace of the dead, the capital of the undead, that conduct should be that of an enemy to the living.

Rowan: [Over there, ya’d be――]

Woman: [――Iris.]

Rowan: […Didn’t think ya’d introduce yerself so suddenly.]

His katana poised by his waist, Rowan moistened his lips, and narrowed his eyes.

She was a woman, but that was no reason to underestimate her. More than anything else, she was clad in the air of an unbelievably powerful individual. She did not seem to have a positive expression about wielding that power, but that was a matter trivial for Rowan.

With an expression that seemed to be extremely concerned over that trivial matter, as the fox ears hidden within her white hair trembled, the woman who called herself Iris,

Iris: [Return to where you came from. There is no need for anyone to die within the reach of my eyes.] [1]

Rowan: [My goodness, awfully sorry about this.]

Closing a single eye before the woman who was earnestly appealing to him―― before Iris, Rowan adjusted his grip on his katana .

No matter what his opponent’s intentions may be, if they were obstructing his way, there was no helping it. And above all else, to move aside when faced with this powerful of an individual was something impossible for a swordsman.

That was to say――,

Rowan: [――The path to the Heavenly Sword is still steep. I’m gonna cut ya down, then further down the path I shall proceed.]

Translation Note:

[1] – Though she is now identifying as Iris, one thing to note is that her speaking style is still Yorna’s unique Arinsu-kotoba.

--- Chapter 39: Laughter of the One Unbounded ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Cecilus Segmunt was a Stargazer.

Stargazer, in a sense different to the official position of the Vollachian Empire, to which Ubilk, who was one among them, had been appointed by Vincent Vollachia for the first time; he was a Stargazer in the original sense of the expression―― Bestowed with a commandment, they were beings that would relinquish anything and everything in order to fulfill their grand purpose.

The compulsive force that acted on a person vested in a commandment, thus becoming a Stargazer, was quite strong.

It was endowed with power to interfere with human life such that it could provide a mere male prostitute the influential voice to frequent the palace as to provide the Emperor with his opinion, that it could cause a frail mother to forget the love she felt for the daughter to whom she had given birth while on the verge of death, that it could easily make someone abandon the objective they had devoted their entire life to, to the point of even contemplating suicide for that purpose.

Upon receiving their commandment, many Stargazers would have the lives they had been leading till that point distorted, coerced, being forced to alter the principles of their way of life. And, they did not consider that as a tragedy.

No matter how abnormal, how pitiful it might seem to those around them, that was how it was.

Amidst those Stargazers, Rowan Segmunt stood as the sole exception.

After all, the commandment bestowed upon him overlapped with the great ambition he had aimed for originally, henceforth, it did not seem to those around him that his way of life had been distorted; only the person in question held that impression.

How the wish he held dearest and the commandment he had been bestowed came to a compromise, and how his current faith had been established have already been delved into, thus, they shall be omitted.

What shall be discussed here is the being who had been born into this world as the end result of the commandment bestowed upon Rowan Segmunt, Cecilus Segmunt, the fact that he too was a Stargazer, and――,

――The reality that, among the Stargazers, Cecilus Segmunt was the sole one unbounded.

△▼△▼△▼△

Cecilus, with the hem of his hakama fluttering in the blowing wind, rested his hand on his forehead to make a visor as he gazed out into the scenery of the distance.

Al had proposed a strategy to bring down the five bastions of star-shaped ramparts that enclosed the Imperial Capital.

In order to draw in reinforcements from the outside, they would open holes in the solid defenses of the undead. Cecilus would warmly welcome more actors who shine onstage and audience members who would bear witness to his flourishing activities.

If this could be called foreshadowing for later exciting developments, then it would not be a bad idea to work diligently at a modest job.

Cecilus: [Nonetheless! Don’t forget that it’s only because I’ve promised a reward hereafter!]

In theater, in war, and in everything else, there was something known as the right person in the right place.

No matter where one was in the world, they were always on the stage―― that philosophy of Cecilus’s would take a long time to explain, but different people were suited to different things, and if whether small work and steady accumulation were strong points of Cecilus or not had to be said, they would have to be major errors in casting.

From the standpoint of the stage direction, it would really be putting carriage before ground dragon to have the leading actor, the center of the stage who captivates the audience’s eyes, work under the cover of a stagehand’s dark clothes.

Cecilus: [Wouldn’t everyone in the audience agree with that point?]

Tilting his head to look up at the sky, Cecilus addressed his words to an unseen party.

Of course, under normal circumstances, if one were to perform such an action, the sky overcast with black clouds would never return an answer to those on the ground. ――Indeed, under normal circumstances.

However, Cecilus was not normal, he was the leading actor of this world.

――Inaudible to others, voices from the audience were returned only to Cecilus.

In loud voices that seemed to whisper, in manners as dignified as they were imprudent, and in divine tones seemingly incognizant of the very concept of etiquette, the voices spoke to Cecilus.

Moreover――,

???: [■■■■.] / [■●■●■●■.] / [――■■.] / [●●●●●!!] / [■■■■●●■■.] / [●●■■●■■●●.] / [■■!!] / [●●●■■■.] / [■■■●■●●■■●●.] / [●●■●■●●●■■●――] / [●●…■.] / [●■●■●■●■.]

With excessive force and quantity, they poured down upon Cecilus.

Wildly enthusiastic that they had been addressed by the leading actor, Cecilus, the audience eagerly gave him their answers―― no, that was incorrect. These were not answers that had been arranged in response to what Cecilus had asked just now.

These were the voices that poured down upon Cecilus’s every move, every single action that he took.

They were something that Cecilus had been hearing ceaselessly ever since he became aware of his surroundings, things that were attempting to force Cecilus’s entire conduct towards this or that――,

Cecilus: [Hahaha, it seems like you’re enjoying yourselves in awfully good moods today as well! I know, I know. After all, I can’t help but captivate people with my every action! You won’t be able to take your eyes off my activities for even a second in the future, so stay tuned for developments to unfold!]

For Cecilus, who had never listened to a single word he was told, those were just enthusiastic cheers from his fans.

――As previously mentioned, Cecilus Segmunt was a Stargazer.

And, for the majority of Stargazers―― no, even for Rowan Segmunt, who stood as an exception, their ways of life were distorted in order to fulfill the commandment bestowed upon them.

Such was the extent of a commandment’s coercive power, and the lives of Stargazers were dominated by it.

That was, save for Cecilus Segmunt, the sole unbounded Stargazer.

Cecilus: [Thank you, thank you, thank you for all of your cheers. As usual, I have not the slightest understanding of what you’re saying at all, nor do I have the ears to listen, but don’t worry! I will betray your predictions! I will live up to expectations! For that is the way I live my life as the leading actor!]

???: [――Oh, you fucking shitforbrains. Stop making a racket, it’ll be a fucking pain in the ass if they find us.]

Cecilus: [Whoopsie.]

Taking just the enthusiasm of the audience and ignoring the rest of it as usual, Cecilus turned around at the call of the hyenaperson―― of Groovy, who was approaching him from behind.

With a hand placed on his hip, Groovy had a vigilant gaze, and Cecilus admired that.

This beastman warrior, Groovy, who was no taller than himself, was very good.

First of all, there was charm and beauty in his appearance. He was also likely strong enough to be entered amongst the top five most skilled fighters Cecilus had seen since he exited the Island. Cecilus had hopes that he would have an interesting fighting style that could not simply be measured by ability with the sword.

Cecilus: [Regrettably, there is a bit of a problem with your use of words. If you use so many foul words in rapid succession, your dignity will deteriorate! Once it deteriorates, you won’t even be able to maintain your status as a skilled personage. If you’re to go down the path of fighting to the death with me, I’d at least expect my opponent to have an appropriate status!]

Groovy: [Don’t be a such a fucking goddamn idiot saying all these fucking illogical things! First of all, who in the fuck’s going to fight you to the death, you asshole!? That bastard Chisha had the nerve to do such a fucking unnecessary thing…]

Cecilus: [Oyaoya, that’s a name I’ve heard in passing. Your unfriendly reply is worrisome, but what does this person, whose name has been brought up here, have to do with me, exactly?]

Groovy: [He’s got plenty to do with you, with how you’ve shrunk and lost your memory. ――Chisha’s the one who shrunk you, a guy with a head that’s way too fucking big.]

Hearing Groovy’s response, Cecilus made a “Mmmm” sound with his throat.

He was often told that he had shrunk, but as usual, that did not really click with Cecilus. Whether Cecilus had shrunk or not, as far as he was concerned, his self currently present here like this was his entirety.

Of course, the fact that Rowan had grown old in the small time since their last encounter, and that the alias of Blue Lightning, a name that was sure to shake the world in the years to come, was already known far and wide, was not without its persuasive power.

Cecilus: [It’s quite the dubious tale that this Chisha person made me small, isn’t it?]

Groovy: [Ahh? Are you going to give me some fucking shit about how it’s impossible for people to shrink, asshole?]

Cecilus: [No, no, you’ve got it all wrong. There are no limits as to what people can imagine, and what they envision can certainly come true. This kind of fairness is one of the reasons why I like the stage that is this world so much, so there’s always gonna be mysteries of stuff like people shrinking. The part I’m having difficulty believing is quite simple. ――Who could ever perform such a surprise attack on me?]

Groovy: [――――]

In response to Cecilus’s question, with his hands clasped behind his head, Groovy made a solemn face.

Even his wrinkled expression had a charm to it, making one think that every stage needed a lively character like Groovy. Yet, even for him, Cecilus’s question seemed to have an impact.

Cecilus himself did not think he was invincible or immortal.

If his heart were gouged out, his slender neck severed, or nearly half of his blood drained, he would die, like any other person.

But who, for that matter, would be capable of such a deed?

In this regard, Groovy realized the contradiction in his own thoughts. No matter who the adversary was, no one could diminish Cecilus――.

Groovy: [――Did that bastard Chisha twist your brain, or were you just fucking careless, asshole?]

Cecilus: [Huh!? Are you saying that while looking at me!?]

Groovy: [I am. I’m saying it for fuck’s sake.]

Cecilus: [Is that really such a natural thing? Ahaha, that’s a low blow, but you got me!]

Laughing and clapping his hands in response to Groovy’s words, Cecilus shook his head, as if to say, “Wait a minute”.

It was an evaluation that made one want to cover their face in embarrassment. Although, Cecilus understood his own abilities, and even someone as strong as Groovy could not completely dispel such doubts.

Cecilus: [In the end, someone as big as me isn’t anything special! I’ll never become someone who receives such evaluations given my current sorry state! Please wait and see in ten years!]

Groovy: [Who’s gonna stick around for your growth for a whole ten years! Quit talking fucking shit and get back to your original size already!]

Cecilus: [But even if you tell me to return to my original size right away, I don’t particularly want to… And do you, Groovy-san, know how to revert back?]

Groovy: [I don’t know, but that bastard Chisha who set this up probably does. These shinobi tricks have some fucking time or condition-based restrictions. Chisha’d likely have some conditions.]

Cecilus: [Hoho, so this Chisha person is a shinobi ? Are they an acquaintance or friend or blood relative of that energetic old man?]

Groovy: [I don’t know, and Chisha isn’t a shinobi . It’s just his method that’s shinobi -like… Ah, this is fucking annoying.]

Groovy scratched his head vigorously, complaining like a know-it-all.

Cecilus had a hunch that Groovy seemed knowledgeable about various things, but what was more important than the true identity of this Chisha person was probably clearing the conditions he had set.

If he were to ask that, Groovy would probably get angry and say, “There’s no way I would know!”.

Cecilus: [So what do you think the conditions are for me to revert?]

Groovy: [I have no damn clue!]

Cecilus: [See?]

Cecilus chuckled, just as he had anticipated, while Groovy grumbled unhappily with an “Ah?”.

Just then, as the two were conversing――,

???: [Sorry to interrupt your fun conversation friends, but can we put an end to this amusement time for now?]

Cecilus: [Oya, it’s Al-san.]

The owner of the weary, exasperated voice was Al, who had arrived on the rooftop where Cecilus and Groovy were standing.

He had appeared from the stairs on the top floor and, as he tapped his foot on the steps,

Al: [I’m serious, please. It’s tough when you casually hop up to the rooftop, leaving me to use the stairs. Groovy, you too.]

Groovy: [Fuck, sorry. I got carried away with this fucking idiot’s chatter.]

Groovy, with a frown, sincerely apologized to Al, who had been left waiting downstairs.

Cecilus had gone up to the building for a quick lookout, as Groovy had expressed concern about something across the street, but the latter had gotten a bit too distracted.

In any case――,

Cecilus: [Well, well, Al-san, don’t be so angry. Groovy-san seems to be reflecting with his ears drooping like this, so you must be feeling forgiving by now, right?]

Al: [I’m not surprised by your relentless “ going-my-way ” attitude anymore. But more importantly, did you notice anything while you were observing?]

Cecilus: [That’s right. ―― As expected, the defenses at numbers three, four and five look strong. It seems like a natural strategy considering the direction Boss’s group likely retreated.]

Al: [Those three spots…]

With his one-armed right hand, Al touched the fittings of the helmet, and pondered Cecilus’s response over.

The numbers Cecilus mentioned were names for the bastions of the star-shaped city walls surrounding the Imperial Capital.

With the Palace located in its northmost extreme, the entrances to this Capitalーー The southernmost bastion was number one, the southeast was number two, the southwest was number three, and following that, the northeast was number four and the northwest was number five; such was how the bastions were numbered.

The northern and western sides, the defenses of the three points corresponding to those were strong enough to be said to be impenetrable. On the other hand, the two other locations could be their opportunity, but――,

Groovy: [Purposely leaving such easily identifiable holes smells fishy.]

Cecilus: [Can Groovy-san’s nose also detect the smell of such sinister designs?]

Groovy: [There’s no way it’s built that fucking weirdly! This is just my judgment as a General! Don’t try to use your shrinkage as an excuse, either… Ah nevermind, there’s no point.]

Al: [What is it? If someone stops talking midway through their sentence, it’s cause for worry, y’know?]

Groovy: [Even before he shrank, this fucking dickhead didn’t pull his weight as a General to begin with.]

Upon the words of Groovy, who had made a bitter face, Cecilus and Al gave an “Ahh” in comprehension.

From Cecilus’s perspective, he did not get the impression that he was being made fun of, but that it was simply a fact. Supposing Cecilus really did shrink as a result of carelessness, it was unthinkable that he would have guided or gotten close to anyone before he shrunk.

So he had no particular objection to Groovy’s point.

Cecilus: [But to be rather candid about it I do agree with you. However if that’s the case then you know what that means, right? Surprisingly, or rather, beyond expectations, Al-san is quite the tactician.]

Al: […What do you mean?]

Cecilus: [After all number one and two look easy to conquer but they’re actually a trap luring you in… That’s where you sent my dad and his friend, so you’re a tactician.]

Al: [――――]

As they talked about the two people who were not present and were working separately, Rowan and Heinkel, Cecilus smiled in Al’s direction, the latter having suggested splitting up the group.

In front of the smiling Cecilus, Al held his breath and fell silent.

Currently, the group of five members were divided into teams of three and two respectively, and each were on a mission to capture the five bastions.

And, the one who had instructed Rowan and Heinkel to attack the south and southeast, the first and second bastions, was Al, and his intentions were clear.

Cecilus: [If there are relationships or war assets that aren’t painful to lose, they’ll be used as sacrificial pawns to attract the enemy’s attention. Al-san might be modest, but you’re still a tactician!]

Al: […Do you have a problem with the way I used your old man?]

Cecilus: [No? As a performer, I welcome this as opposed to having the spotlight scattered all over the place with five people clumped together, and in terms of tactics, it’s a very practical way of thinking. It’s not really my place to say this, but it’s completely futile to expect my Dad to be cooperative!]

Al: [True, that’s an issue you mentioned.]

When it came to cooperation, one could only assume that the parent-child Segmunt duo were born with a fault.

In any case, Al had racked his brain over how to make the best use of his limited war potential. If one’s head for thinking or tactical intuition were working, one might be able to imagine what role would be required.

Groovy: [There’s no way we can leisurely take our fucking time to capture them one-by-one with a five-man group. If those red and blue old farts can’t realize that, there’s no choice but to have ‘em do their fucking jobs as sacrificial pawns.]

Al: [Yeah. We can’t cause a big uproar in one place and gather all our resources there.]

Cecilus: [Hence the distributed attack… but it was a bit surprising. You see, Al-san was talking to Heinkel-san like you guys were comrades.]

Al: [I’m no hero. My priorities are in order.]

Spoken in a somewhat self-mocking way, that seemed to not be about the utility of Heinkel, but rather to be concerned with how he used himself; such was how it felt to Cecilus.

That response did not really change his impression of Al, but――,

Cecilus: [――I see. You sure are different from Boss .]

Al: [――]

For some reason, Al turned to face Cecilus, who had said what he was thinking aloud.

Al’s expression was hidden by his iron helmet, however, sometimes the sharpness and heat of one’s gaze spoke more eloquently about what they felt on the inside than words or expressions could.

Cecilus: [Well, just because it’s true at times doesn’t mean it’s true right now.]

Al: […I don’t know what you’re talking about, but fine. You’re right that I’m not like bro.]

Cecilus: [Hmm? It’s natural for things to be different, so it doesn’t really matter, right? Though, I think Al-san is tougher than Boss .]

Getting the nuance that Al thought of himself as inferior for some reason, Cecilus tilted his head in that manner.

Strong and weak, beautiful and dirty, like and dislike, those were all like the shifting phases of the same moon. Even if there was value in swinging from joy and sorrow, they do not have the weight to tip the scales of life.

Even right and wrong were not absolutes.

Cecilus: [ Boss is one who struggles against death in a crude manner yet still chooses the method that allows him to beautifully shine on the stage. Al-san, on the other hand, is different. On top of struggling against death in a crude manner, you pick the dirty method that makes everyone want to avert their eyes from you. I’m not saying one is superior to the other. That’s just the difference between you and Boss .]

Al: [――――]

Cecilus: [Oh, putting aside the talk that wasn’t about superiority or inferiority, the matter of how you would like to be is a different story altogether. How you want to be reflected in the eyes of others is up to each individual to figure out… Defecation may be dirty, but I want to make even defecation beautiful and attractive!]

Al: [Dude, I was trying to do a little rethinking just now…!]

Cecilus: [Sorry, Groovy-san’s favorite word was still stuck in my ears.] [1]

But then again, even though the direction that the conversation turned might have been due to Groovy’s influence, that statement itself was not a lie.

Cecilus’s pet theory was that the leading actor must provide a reason for people to keep their eyes on them, even when performing deeds that seemed dirty, unsightly, and would make people want to avert their eyes.

Groovy: [So? Are you done fucking wasting time with your nonsensical ramblings? Life counselling is fucking bullshit. After this is all over, I’m just gonna hold a fucking postmortem review at your graves.]

Al: […When he says it this much, no wonder it sticks in your ears.]

Cecilus: [Right?]

As Al’s shoulders slumped at Groovy’s incessant swearing, Cecilus laughed.

Although Cecilus had made a lot of ill-suited arguments, he had no objection to Al’s plan and did not mind if Rowan and Heinkel encountered difficulties, just as planned.

There was just one thing that Cecilus thought might be a problem in Al’s plan.

Cecilus: [I wonder if my transcendently selfish Dad will follow what Al-san says?]

Unusually, Cecilus did not blurt out what he had thought because, also unusually, Cecilus had completely given up on the nature of his father, Rowan.

Rowan would not do what he did not want to do, and he would absolutely do whatever he wanted to do.

It was a disposition that Cecilus had inherited as well, but Rowan and Cecilus were not the same. This was the same thing he had told Al just a moment ago, and also previously to his boss, Schwartz.

It was not a question of right or wrong. It was a matter of the way one lived, and the way one died.

Groovy: [So, where do you intend to attack from, you helmet fuck?]

Al: [――. I want to avoid number three, since that’s the area where the sniper from earlier was. So it’ll be the number four or number five on the northern side… If even the slimmest possibility is a condition, it’ll be the north-eastern number four.]

Cecilus: [Eeh! But I want my revenge !]

Groovy: [Don’t say such fucking bullshit when we got no leeway! Who do you think you’re dealing with――]

Cecilus: [Tsk, I understand.]

Groovy snapped at him, and Cecilus retracted his comment with a pout of his lips. Groovy, who had raised his fist into the air, widened his eyes at Cecilus’s reaction.

Seeing this, Cecilus responded, “What is it?”, and as Groovy lowered his raised arm,

Groovy: [You’re listening too easily. Bastard, you’re even more of a fucking bell-end than you were before you got shrunk.]

Cecilus: [Hoho, it doesn’t feel like I’m being complimented now does it?]

Groovy: [Shut the fuck up! We’re running out of fucking time. Let’s hurry up and go.]

Jerking his chin, Groovy turned his head toward the fourth bastion. Cecilus was about to follow with a “Yes, yes” when Al, the one who had proposed the idea, uttered, “Is that fine?”

Al: [I gave an answer because you asked me, but compared to me, you guys are… no, you’re more knowledgeable about the Imperial Capital.]

Groovy: [Not even I would agree to a plan that seems like fuckpiss. I don’t have a problem with your plan… I also don’t wanna throw down against that fucking dumbass Balleroy.]

Al: […A former colleague of yours?]

Groovy: [That’s part of it, but it’s because he’s fucking strong. If you’re gonna have someone fight that bastard, make it Moguro. There’s absolutely no way that they’d lose.]

Groovy asserted that the sniper’s ability was strong.

Cecilus had also encountered this opponent many times in the Imperial Capital, but he had yet to even see him properly. There was no doubt that he was strong. Perhaps it really was a mistake to nod his head just now. Even if he began to complain about it now, would they approve of a change in the plan? Would they not?

Cecilus: [Let’s go in and get it done lickety-split. The goal isn’t to preserve the holes we open, so there’s no point in putting it off.]

Groovy: [Be careful. This fucking dumbass is gonna wrap things up real quick and then go look for Balleroy.]

Al: […Once the real star performer makes his entrance, by all means, do that.]

Cecilus: [How arrogant of you to call anyone other than me the star performer!]

As Al slowly shook his head and grumbled in resignation, Cecilus exclaimed in chagrin.

△▼△▼△▼△

The journey to the fourth bastion was an anticlimactic and smooth one.

It was not as though they had not seen any undead searching for survivors along the way. But, they were nothing more than extras that passed by, or were they to obstruct the way, then they would simply be eliminated.

Was there any actor who would go out of their way to give the spotlight to a minor role in order to liven up the stage?

Cecilus: [Unfortunately, an audience’s interest is finite after all. I’m not saying that there aren’t minor roles who give great performances that elevate the overall quality of the stage, but whether they’re actively sought out or not is a different matter… Nevertheless.]

Though he was enjoying the peaceful journey, Cecilus furrowed his brow.

Of course, Cecilus was all for eliminating unnecessary hassles, and he did not think it desirable that a performance would involve time and effort spent dealing with rank-and-file soldiers.

Still, the way Cecilus and his group looked now was unfashionable, was it not?

After all, Cecilus was on Al’s back, and Groovy was clinging to his abdomen―― in other words, Cecilus and Groovy were making an Al sandwich.

If one were to question why they had come to be in such a situation, it was because otherwise, Cecilus and Groovy would protrude from the coverage of the cloak Al was wearing over his head.

Cecilus: [But this is unstylish! This isn’t how I market myself, Groovy-san!]

Groovy: [Put a fucking sock in it! Our presence may be hidden, but our sounds and smells aren’t! If the nearby fucknuggets notice and surround us, we’ll be in some deep fucking shit!]

Al: [Both of you are too loud…! And don’t wiggle, or I’ll fall…!]

Complaining and shaking Al’s shoulders, the two of them wrapped in the same cloak were reprimanded.

The fur cloak that Groovy had prepared was quite the impressive piece of work. Apparently, it was an exceptional item that could be used to prevent the wearer from attracting the attention of others. Rowan, Heinkel, and Groovy had used this fur cloak to slip past the enemy’s radar, and enter the Imperial Capital.

In fact, though they had chosen an inconspicuous road, the fur cloak likely played the largest role in the fact that they had not been found once by the undead.

Cecilus: [Even though it’s so swelteringly hot with just our different physiques, I can’t imagine how you and my father managed to get into the Imperial Capital with three people. But still, where did you purchase such a bizarre cloak?]

Groovy: [I didn’t buy it. I made it. You’re too fucking stupid to remember, but I also melted down your Fiend Sword and reforged it into a katana .]

Cecilus: [Ho ho, Fiend Sword! What a cool name! I’d love to see it, learn about it, and worship it!]

Groovy: [Like I already fucking told you, it’s your fucking katana , dickhead!]

Groovy performed the feat of yelling in a muted voice.

Putting aside the dispute of whether he had shrunk or not, it was quite interesting to hear Groovy describe the background of Cecilus, of which he did not know himself. In particular, he loved the topic of katanas .

Cecilus: [However it’s interesting that you reforged it as a katana . Are you perhaps a swordsmith, Groovy-san? You must be very busy being a General and a blacksmith.]

Groovy: [It’s not like I specialize in swords. I make swords, weave garments, and also tinker with magical tools.]

Cecilus: [So, this mysterious cloak is also some kind of magical tool.]

Groovy: [No, this one is just werewolf skin.]

Cecilus expressed an impressed “Ho” at Groovy’s response, and Al’s shoulders shook in astonishment. As Cecilus closely inspected the fur cloak,

Cecilus: [Werewolves are quite rare. I know they exist, but I’ve never met one before.]

Groovy: [It’s because they’re fucking hard to find in the first place. The whole race’s under a Divine Protection, just like ground dragons or the Uruha people of the Holy Kingdom. If you skin them alive, the Divine Protection remains on their pelt. It’s an effective use of those sneaky fuckers.]

Al: [The Divine Protection of the Concealing Cloud…?]

Groovy: [Ahh? So you know about that fucking old-fashioned name for it. The Divine Protection of Ambush is more common… Although the topic of fucking werewolves isn’t too common to begin with.]

Hearing Al’s mumbled comment, Groovy showcased his knowledge.

Regardless, werewolves were loathed in the Empire, and it stemmed from an old, old story. But then again, since the tale was based in historical fact, it was also deeply linked to reality.

Cecilus himself had no particular hostility toward werewolves or wolfpeople, but――,

Cecilus: [Isn’t it awfully ironic that the pelt of a werewolf is helping us, considering the way werewolves are treated in the Empire. Even if it’s just their skin.]

Al & Groovy: [――――]

Cecilus: [Huh? Ignoring me? Are you ignoring me? I thought I said something rather clever――]

Just then, after Cecilus had thought that Al and Groovy both had given a dismissive response to his comment regarding the fur cloak―― that such was not the case, Cecilus had also surmised.

???: [――■■■■■■.]

And it was not because the onlooker had been lively, as they usually were.

Al’s entire body grew tense as Cecilus clung onto him, and Cecilus felt the reason for that tension slipping into himself as well.

Putting aside the issue of whether or not he was shrunken, it was due to something that seized the inside of Cecilus’s thin chest.

――Gray thorns were swirling around in Cecilus’s chest.

Cecilus: [By any chance, is this appearing on the both of you as well?]

Al: […Yeah. Oi, Groovy-san. I thought we shouldn’t be able to be detected with this cloak…]

Groovy: [FUCK… Hk! You gotta be fucking kidding me…!]

Al and Groovy seemed to be in the same situation as Cecilus, and Groovy’s discomposure, or rather, his anger was especially quite immense.

Maybe it was because someone had seen through the effects of the fur cloak that he was so confident in? ――No, that was not quite right.

If the other party had located Cecilus and the others, they would not leave the three of them in the state of being a sandwich for so long. Of course, one could also say that these thorns were a warning.

Al: [Doesn’t seem like it. What do you think?]

Groovy: [――It’s an indiscriminate ranged attack. What kind of fucking wanker does that!? Who in the fuck’s spilling out such braindead cursecraft…!?]

Groovy’s throat shook with rage, and he cursed the irrationality of the yet-to-be-seen master of the thorns.

A moment later, the thorns around each of the three’s chests slowly began to writhe, and the sharp spikes, slipping right through their hands, tried to exert the full effect of their curse.

And then――,

Cecilus: [――As expected, it seems the world doesn’t approve of me sneaking around. Now, for this newly arrived hardship! Let’s flourishingly overcome it with a ta-dah!]

So spilled out the excited laughter of the one unbounded, just before a sharp pain seized his heart.

Translation Note:

[1] – We normally translate Groovy’s クソ as “fuck”, but the literal definition of the word is “feces”, or in more vulgar terms, “shit”. Cecilus is referencing the literal definition of the word, hence the author’s poop joke.

--- Chapter 40: An Inconsequential Threat ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Heinkel Astrea was not even a Stargazer.

As was known, neither was he the Sword Saint, nor had he received the sword name of “van” that was granted to those who had made distinguished accomplishments through their own swordsmanship; his position as Deputy Commander of the Kingdom of Lugunica’s Royal Guard was likewise just a decoration.

Generally, he was a man who had not been chosen for a single thing that could only be obtained via being chosen; that was the person known as Heinkel, and that was not something that would change even when coming to the Vollachian Empire.

Having been swept along, he had participated in the battle, had his heart fractured by sights utterly unthinkable for this world; just barely had he escaped death upon his retreat, and once again, having been swept along again, he found himself returned to the same place, clinging to a feeble hope.

That hope, too, was merely a signpost for escape presented by someone who expected Heinkel to play the role of a sacrificial pawn, and after abandoning all thought, he was too stupid to even realize that such was the intention.

――Therefore, unlike Rowan Segmunt, who had opposed the plan of attack due to his own insane reasons, he himself had drawn the short end of the worst possible stick, trying to play his role in an honest manner.

Heinkel: [Fucking hell…]

Of the five bastions of the ramparts which served as the keystone of the Imperial Capital’s defenses, the southern and southeastern points that were supposed to have been split between himself and Rowan were both now the responsibility of Heinkel alone; he thought that he ought to capture the first bastion, which had originally served as the city gates which allowed entry and exit to the Capital, so he headed south.

To put it simply, that was a reasonable decision, and an appropriate choice that had nothing to do with eccentricity.

Thus, Heinkel had finally come to face the result of his reasonable, of his appropriate choice.

???: [――I, am Mezoreia. In accordance with the voice of mine dear child, I shalt become the wind from the heavenly skies.]

That majestic figure of the white Dragon spread its wings as if safeguarding the first bastion, and then――.

△▼△▼△▼△

The room was cluttered with heaps of jewelry.

Craftsmanship abundant in the use of gold and silver, hair ornaments and clothing adorned with gems, various fine articles were all lined up, scattered about, and left lying around in the room with splendor that was clamorous to the eyes.

Right in the middle of the dazzling room, Madelyn Eschart awakened.

Madelyn: [――――]

Blinking her sweet, golden eyes several times as they hazily overlapped with reality, the two black horns that grew from her sky-blue hair swayed from side-to-side, and her petite body stood up. In an instant, she collided with and fell into the surrounding jewelry, but Madelyn was unconcerned with it being violently scattered across the floor.

Jewelry and treasures of gold and silver, she rather liked such dazzling things.

She did not like that humans were so noisy in spite of how weak and fragile they were, but their craftsmanship utilizing gems and gold had an irreplaceable charm.

It was not a bad idea to fulfill the tasks assigned to her by humans, so she could receive such things as a reward.

Heaping those up in her den, cramming them in, and surrounding herself with them as she slept took an important role in Madelyn’s quality of sleep. ――However, neither gems nor gold could fill the hole in her heart.

Madelyn: [――――]

Swinging her upraised head around, Madelyn pushed the door of the den open.

It was a den different to the one Madelyn had been living in for a while after having become a Divine General. Rather, it was a new one, hastily put together for this occasion.

It was lacking in her own scent, and the treasures were things that had been gathered from inside the Palace, so while she was far from feeling satisfied, it was better than nothing.

Above all, there was enough reason here to abandon the den she had grown accustomed to living in, and relocate.

That was――,

Madelyn: [――Carillon.]

Exiting the burrow and crossing through the passage, coming out to the balcony where a tepid wind blew, the figure of a flying dragon resting its wings was present.

Carillon: [――――]

Its name having been called, the flying dragon turned its head towards her―― the scales across its entire body had painful-looking cracks running through them, and golden irises loomed within its dusky eyes; a clear indication of the state of this vessel, which had lost its life.

Similar to the humans being resurrected one after the other, there was no small number of flying dragons being brought back from the beyond.

Only, she could not communicate with specimens that had gone untamed during their lives, but instead, she could establish understanding with the ones like the flying dragon before her―― the ones like Carillon, who had been tamed.

In fact, having responded to Madelyn’s call, Carillon quietly lowered its head on the spot.

Even if the other deceased flying dragons―― the undead flying dragons, came into contact with Madelyn, they would regard her as someone who had life, and would relentlessly begin attacking her.

Of course, she had no mercy to spare for those who did not know their place, and did not hesitate in shattering them to pieces.

Madelyn: [I, the dragon, am friggin’ sorry for shattering you.]

Caressing the neck of Carillon’s lowered head, the corners of Madelyn’s mouth stiffened upon feeling how cold it was.

By nature, flying dragons did not have superfluous body fat in order to soar into the air, so their body temperature was low. Be that as it may, the temperature transferred to her fingertips was about as cold as touching decorative jewels.

Unlike jewels, however, she did not feel any splendor or beauty.

Even so, for Carillon to be present before her and moving around like this was of irreplaceable value.

――For Madelyn, Carillon was the flying dragon who had been tamed by the first human she had ever laid eyes upon.

As the final dragonkin in existence, Madelyn had lived without coming into contact with anything outside of the Cloud Sea in which she had been born, partly due to the nature of Mezoreia, a dragonhusk.

Excluding Mezoreia, the only beings that Madelyn had had opportunities to come into contact with were the wild flying dragons that lived in the surroundings of the Cloud Sea, but even so, they were nothing more than beings that obeyed the dragonkin.

There was a difference between lifeforms; a separation between herself, a dragonkin, and the flying dragons.

That was something rooted in instinct, something that left no room to think about the reason or the purpose. No room was left for pessimism or doubt to be yielded regarding the divide that was only natural in their existence.

Someone who had never bore witness to the beauty of gold would never desire a golden crown.

However, Madelyn’s satisfied days of not knowing about what was beyond the Cloud Sea, had abruptly come to an end.

Bringing about that end was none other than this Carillon, and, soothing his beloved dragon who was reluctant to ascend due to the presence of the Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia, the straggler who had plunged right into the middle of the Cloud Sea――.

Madelyn: [――Where the frig’ is this dragon’s darling, Balleroy?]

While tickling the back of its neck, Madelyn posed a question to Carillon.

The vocalized name was one exceedingly familiar for Carillon, and placing that sound upon her tongue, it seeped into Madelyn’s chest like a delayed poison.

This pain, akin to a poison eating into her very soul, was the very reason why Madelyn had run away from the Cloud Sea, and descended to the surface where the humans lived.

But, right now, the pain of this poison was on the verge of becoming something different to what it had been until then.

Carillon: [――――]

Madelyn felt the pain of the poison within her heart. Next to her, Carillon slowly raised its head as it was still being caressed, and made a soft sound with its throat.

Realizing that the gesture and cry were indicating behind her, Madelyn turned around.

Then, the figure of a person stepped out from the passage connected to the balcony. That figure gave a wave of its hand, and assumed an easygoing attitude when faced with a dragonkin.

Madelyn: […Such insolence, if it wasn’t you, this dragon would’ve friggin’ chewed you to pieces with her fangs.]

???: [Well, if it wasn’t me, there ain’t nobody who’d take this kinda attitude when faced with an exalted dragonkin. That’s what I’d like to say, but contrary to what you’d expect, there are actually tons of rude individuals among the Generals.]

Madelyn: [That’s friggin’ right. Humans really are so tedious.]

???: [Tahaha, there’s nothing I can say to that.]

As the person shrugged their shoulders with a strained laugh, Madelyn exhaled through her nose in an exasperated manner.

But, feeling that she had let the emotions that were difficult to hide slip into that sigh, she admonished her restless heart, and brushed off her mouth as if to conceal her impassioned breath.

The emotions that were difficult to hide―― that was her ceaselessly overflowing passion for the person before her eyes.

Even if their complexion and eyes appeared to be completely different, her emotions would not lie.

The amount that she treasured Carillon, who had become an undead flying dragon, was something that she felt even more strongly towards him.

Madelyn: [Balleroy, where the frig’ were you just now?]

Taking half a step closer to him, who had already come right before her, Madelyn enquired so.

He had been by Madelyn’s side at the time she had fallen asleep in the treasure-filled den. If possible, she would have wanted him to stay by her side the whole time until she woke up.

Madelyn’s question left those things unsaid, and as if sensing her unspoken feelings, Balleroy touched his head and said “Sorry”,

Balleroy: [Somehow, it seemed like there were some rats scampering about in the Imperial Capital. His Excellency Palladio was making a fuss when they caught his eye, so I just went to do a bit of recon and report back.]

Madelyn: [Rats… did you friggin’ kill ‘em properly?]

Balleroy: [Nah, these were some tenacious rats. When I said I’d let ‘em slip, His Excellency Palladio gave me a dress down, I’m talking a real darn dressing down.]

Loosely shaking his head, Balleroy’s words caused the pupils of Madelyn’s eyes to narrow.

The Palladio he spoke of was, if she remembered correctly, a resurrected member of the Vollachian Imperial Family. He was a man of the Evil Eye Tribe who, during the Vollachian custom of siblings killing each other, had lost to Vincent, the one who came out on top and became the Emperor, and he was resurrected thereafter――.

Madelyn: [If he’s causing trouble for this dragon’s darling, this dragon will tear him apart with her own hands.]

Balleroy: [Don’t say such frightening things. Even if he died once, he’s still a member of the Vollachian Imperial Family… Among those who got revived, the ones unconditionally obeying him ain’t few in number. You’d be making those guys your enemy as well.]

Madelyn: [――Hk, are you friggin’ saying that I, the dragon, and Balleroy would lose to those dead people!?]

If he was, he would be greatly mistaken.

There was no way that the undead could win against Madelyn and Balleroy, who had previously cooperated with them. If anyone were to get in their way, they would utterly crush those people and put an end to them.

Madelyn’s breathing grew heavy; however, as Balleroy gently held her slender shoulders,

Balleroy: [That’s wrong. It was never a question of whether we’d win or lose, now was it?]

Madelyn: [What are you…]

Balleroy: [You oughta understand. After all, the freedom of us corpses is held tightly within the hands of that Witch.]

Madelyn: [――Hk.]

At Balleroy’s seemingly chiding statement, Madelyn forcefully bit down on her molars and fell silent.

The Witch was the person responsible for filling this Imperial Capital with undead, the being who had created the reason why Balleroy and Carillon were standing in front of Madelyn like this right now.

The Witch, who had constructed an unnatural body which resembled the dragonhusk of Mezoreia, was involved with secrets of Od Lagna that even Madelyn, a dragonkin, was unaware of.

For that reason, she had been able to call back this many souls, and reconstruct them in their living state.

But on the other hand, if the Witch were to interrupt that miracle on a whim――,

Balleroy: [As you said, Madelyn, if we were to fight, we’d win against almost all those guys. But, we’re just two people and a single flying dragon, while His Excellency Palladio can command several hundreds and thousands of people. I ain’t got a clue which one the Witch would find more useful.]

Madelyn: [Instead of us dragons, she’d pick the humans?]

Balleroy: [Dunno. After all, nobody knows what the Witch’s extravagant desire is.]

Though it was nothing but vexing, Balleroy’s answer had a point or two.

The Witch, whose thoughts were utterly incomprehensible, was occupying the Crystal Palace, and had positioned Madelyn there on the condition that the latter would cooperate with her. It was aggravating to be put to work in such an arrogant manner, but she had already swallowed that disgrace when she had initially accepted Berstetz’s proposal and descended to the surface.

What was hard to swallow, was the fact that she did not understand the other party’s motives.

Madelyn: [――――]

As Balleroy had said, as long as they did not know the Witch’s objective, the situation was tantamount to Madelyn constantly having the tip of a blade piercing her reverse scale.

If not for that, Balleroy would not have resigned himself to this situation, and he surely would have escaped to beyond the Cloud Sea together with Madelyn, vowing upon their promised wedding ceremony.

Indeed, their unfulfilled promise would finally――.

Madelyn: [Finally, we meet again like this.]

Balleroy: […Madelyn.]

As impulse overcame her, Madelyn hugged Balleroy’s body right before her.

Balleroy was far taller than Madelyn’s small build, and as Madelyn leaned her body against him, it seemed as if her black horns would pierce through his neck. Nimbly evading them, Balleroy patted Madelyn’s back.

Upon that gesture, Madelyn recalled how, once upon a time, she had been overcome with emotion and hugged him, only to have her horns pierce him with full strength, causing a catastrophic accident in which Balleroy lost a lot of blood, tears beginning to well in her eyes.

The embrace of his body was cold, and the skin she made contact with was not soft whatsoever.

His eyes, which used to be the same color as Madelyn’s blue hair, had become black eyeballs with golden irises that gave no sense of warmth, so his emotions were easily obscured by his outward appearance.

Nevertheless, they shared memories. Nevertheless, he knew of her wishes.

Losing his life, being parted by death, and now once again making contact with her, neither blood nor heat flowed in his body. So, what did that matter?

Madelyn: [Balleroy is here with me… This dragon, does not desire anything more than that.]

It had nothing to do with life or death.

The dead did not necessarily need to be under the soil. If, by some chance, the dead overflowed above the soil, and a treasured person happened to be present among them, who had the right to deny that repulsive miracle, and judge it as an error?

In front of this dragonkin, Madelyn Eschart, what kind of person would say that?

Madelyn: [――They’ve come.]

Burying her face in the chest of her beloved person, Madelyn, who had been enjoying the cold rendezvous, groaned in a low voice.

Guessing what the tone of her voice was indicating, Balleroy, who had been gently patting her on the back, stopped his hand, and turned his gaze to outside the balcony―― far in the distance, to the south of the Imperial Capital.

Something had been caught. By Madelyn’s senses―― no, by the senses of the dragonhusk, Mezoreia.

No matter what came, Madelyn had been ordered to safeguard that place.

This would be repeated once more. There was indeed resentment. But, Madelyn would not hesitate. The thing she wished for, was right here.

Madelyn: [I’m friggin’ going now. Balleroy, this time――]

Balleroy: [I gotcha. As long as I’m not called upon, I’ll be by your side.]

Madelyn: [――Just as expected of this dragon’s darling.]

Things like “I’ll definitely never leave you”, or “I’ll always be by your side”; he would not say things that he could not do.

In an easygoing manner, Balleroy understood exactly what was within his reach, so without any needless expectations or disappointment, Madelyn could love him just the way he was.

She ascertained that once again―― Suddenly, Madelyn’s body lost its strength.

Madelyn: [――――]

Her limbs growing languid, Madelyn collapsed on the spot. Promptly drawing her body towards himself, Balleroy firmly supported the unimaginable weight of her small stature.

Then, in his arms, he picked up Madelyn, who had lost consciousness―― No, she had regained consciousness.

Carillon: [――――]

Balleroy: [I gotcha. I’ll be sure to carry her gently.]

Softly groaning, his beloved dragon was worried about the limp Madelyn.

Nodding at Carillon’s cry, as Balleroy turned his eyes to the state of the Imperial Capital once more,

Balleroy: [Even if they’re dead, we can meet again. I don’t desire anything more than that. It’s the same for me, Madelyn. ーーAs long as we meet again.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――The battle started one-sidedly, and it ended one-sidedly.

To begin with, a battle was a clash between those who had fighting spirit, and they would clash with all their soul till their will to fight was exhausted.

Following that definition, if one of the parties lost all their will to fight in a single moment, then that would not be a battle.

Mezoreia: [――――]

That, was a person so weak that they could not even be called a threat.

With that said, there was no other suitable term to call those who turned up whilst still harboring hostility and malice. Thus, “an inconsequential threat” would be the most fitting expression.

In reality, the inconsequential threat had been blown away by the swing of a tail, akin to how leaves would be swept away by a broom, and was buried in the dust of the surrounding buildings that were also caught in the strike.

It was a rather unsatisfying result. But, it was not something that needed to be especially lamented or pitied.

As living beings, that was the unparalleled gap between a Dragon and a human.

Facing off against a Dragon, who differed from them in their very nature of existence, humans would easily turn to dust, quite literally.

There was no choice but to recognize that for some reason, in extremely rare cases, there were people to whom such would not be the case, but those were a mutation that emerged within the human species, and were, to put it frankly, some other entities that were not human.

Whatever those other things may be, as living beings, they were ultimately no match for a Dragon.

That fact would eventually need to be proven in a trustworthy manner, so once the inconsequential threat was moved out of the way, it would be acknowledged once again in a stronger manner, with the notion that this was how things ought to be.

In that sense, there was value in the existence of this inconsequential threat.

It yielded the result of the mightiness of the Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia, being made known to the Witch once more, and granted the Dragon itself the opportunity to reexamine the value of its own existence――.

???: […Fucking, hell.]

Suddenly, upon hearing a voice that seemed to curse this very world, the movement of the Cloud Dragon ceased.

The Dragon had flapped its wings, turned its back on the mowed down street, moved to return to the ramparts. That was in order to demonstrate that no matter what kind of malice may approach, it would be unable to break through this location.

Those movements had ceased. Because a voice that should not have been, was heard.

Mezoreia: [――――]

The Dragon slowly turned back around, and with a clattering sound, the mountain of rubble collapsed.

The street that had been destroyed by a strike of its tail, and the wreckage of buildings that were heaped up into a spire; crawling out from within in a battered state, was a filthy human of red hair and blue eyes.

The human who had been judged as an inconsequential threat, and had turned out as such in reality.

Following the definition of a “battle”, if they had crawled out, and had drawn the sword from their waist once more and faced this direction, then the battle that was thought to have ended had still yet to reach its curtain’s close.

However, there was no fighting spirit or drive whatsoever within the body of the human who had crawled out.

Human: [It’s always, like this…]

Perhaps because dust had entered their lungs, the human muttered that out whilst violently coughing.

Once again, that was a voice that seemed to only curse. And it was not the Dragon, but the world that was being cursed. The foundation beneath them, the atmosphere enveloping them, anything and everything surrounding them, and above all else, their very self at the center of all of it; that entirety was being cursed by their voice.

Human: [At the most crucial moments, I’m completely abandoned by luck――]

Listening to those resentful complaints was deeply unpleasant, so this time it would drive its tail into them in a vertical movement.

Previously, the street had gotten caught up and was swept away, but this time, the Cloud Dragon drove its tail into the feeble figure that stood totteringly, scooping it up.

The tail did a single backwards revolution, and suffering that direct blow, the human’s body was blown away like a pebble that had been kicked. Boring holes through walls and buildings, they went through three or four blocks.

If one were to look down from the sky, the townscape of the Imperial Capital was laid out in a very satisfying manner.

The blown away body of the human was chaotically destroying that; since their way of being, their way of flying, and even their way of dying were all so unshapely and unsightly, the Dragon’s nerves were thoroughly irritated.

The fact that beautiful things were being spoiled for such a person, was immensely infuriating.

And at the end of all that――,

Human: [――Ugh.]

Far away, after crashing through many blocks, a groan could be heard.

No matter how great the damage they had received, no matter if it was the strained breath of somebody who was on death’s door, such a thing should have never been heard in the first place.

Having suffered a strike from a Dragon’s tail, a being whose life did not burst apart, should not exist.

Human: […I, am.]

It should not, exist.

Mezoreia: [ALL OF YOU, FRIGGIN’ DISAPPEAR ―― PREAHHHHHHH!! ]

Surging up, letting the uncontrollable impulse fill its breath, white destruction was fired from the mouth of the Cloud Dragon, from the mouth of Madelyn Eschart, clad in the dragonhusk, and rained down upon the human who was supposed to be an inconsequential threat.

This was not a battle.

It was the beginning of a one-sided, or at least what was supposed to be a one-sided, slaughter.

--- Chapter 41: Where Hell Resides ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Groovy Gumlet had no interest in Stargazers.

It was not a sense of aversion born out of disgust or hostility, but rather a genuine indifference in the truest sense.

In the first place, it was rare for an ordinary person to come into contact with those who spouted such kinds of nonsense as Stargazers did. In his position as General, he would occasionally encounter Ubilk, who was allowed entry into the Palace, but he rarely spoke with anyone other than those he had business with.

Groovy, also, could not recall ever speaking to him with the exception of shutting him up for constantly interrupting meetings.

Given such an impression, it was difficult to comprehend why Vincent, the Emperor, and Chisha, his trusted confidant, were unusually attentive to the movements of the Stargazer. The stance of the Prime Minister Berstetz concerning the Stargazer was unclear, but from what Groovy could smell, his loyalty to the Empire was genuine, and the complex resentment he harbored toward Vincent did not influence his judgment.

Therefore, with the leaders of the Empire having already determined their respective attitudes, Groovy, who had no opportunity to be involved, had no reason to take an interest in the Stargazer.

Precisely for that reason, if it were revealed that the clash with the Great Disaster, a threat to the survival of the Empire, had been known to the Stargazer in advance, his mouth would likely have overflowed with his habitual curses.

However, at least in this instance, the reason behind the familiar curses coming out from Groovy’s mouth was not anger directed at the Stargazers or anyone related to them.

Groovy: [――Fuck!]

Gray thorns emerged just above the left side of his chest, and the moment his fingers, trying to pluck them, passed straight through, the sharp thorns pierced his heart, causing an intense pain that made Groovy’s fur stand on end.

The sensation of having a sharp object thrust into the innermost parts of one’s body, especially a vital spot directly linked to life, was a pain so intense that even a seasoned warrior would not be able to help but writhe.

Infuriatingly, the thorns had no tangible form. It made it impossible to shake them off.

Gritting his teeth against the unilateral onslaught of pain, Groovy glanced to his side―― at the iron-helmeted man whom he was clinging to around the waist.

Naturally, suffering the same curse as Groovy, he too was writhing in pain――,

Groovy: [Fucking hell, get down! The fucking situation’s about to get even shittier!]

Al: [Get down… Guh!]

Reacting to his unresponsive companion, Groovy punched Al’s abdomen, forcing his body to move backwards.

As he groaned and fell backward onto the street, Groovy grabbed him and quickly pulled him into the shadow of a building just off to the side.

It was an indiscriminate ranged attack. Taking cover in the street like this was nothing but a temporary respite.

Cecilus: [Even so, we don’t want to be seen making a ruckus and end up attracting the horde of undead from all over the place.]

Groovy: […Haven’t you gotten the fucking thorns?]

Cecilus: [No? I’ve received them. I think it would’ve been quite literally a floral gift if they’d given us not just the vines, but flowers as well.]

Descending onto the same street as Groovy and the gang, Cecilus tapped the left side of his chest as he spoke.

Similar to Groovy, thorns were visible through his chest, and the pain should have been just as intense. And yet, he was grinning in the face of the pain that furrowed even Groovy’s brow――,

Cecilus: [The conduct of a leading actor is always the focal point of the audience’s attention. If one twists their expression in agony after losing someone they love or a dear friend, it can be emotionally moving. But if one distorts their face just because they’re in pain, it will only diminish their status as an actor.]

Groovy: [So, no matter how fucking painful or fucking difficult it is, you don’t show it on your face. That’s your fucking dumbass mindset.]

Cecilus: [Huh? Have I already talked about this before?]

Groovy: [You did, but fuck it.]

Despite not wanting to hear any of it, he had been made to listen to the convictions of Cecilus, who tilted his neck, to the point they were revolting to him.

While many did not pay any attention to Cecilus’s whimsical remarks, Groovy, who could not let things slide once his emotions had been hooked into, would often engage with him. It was because of this that he had become familiar with said convictions.

However, now that he had even forgotten that he had shared it, it became apparent that Cecilus had been living by this logic since before his limbs were fully grown, and this went from being impressive to being simply foolish.

And, as Groovy and Cecilus bantered with each other,

Al: [Ghagh… Huh, the pain from the thorns is gone?]

Rising to his feet after having been dragged into an alley, Al muttered as he looked down at the thorns on his chest. Instead, he rubbed his stomach where he had been punched, and directing a resentful aura towards Groovy,

Al: [My stomach hurts even more from being punched… What the hell is going on?]

Groovy: [It’s your own damn fault for not backing the fuck off…! Those thorns, they’re probably affected by distance.]

Cecilus: [Hoho, so you mean the distance between the thorn user and us? Certainly it’d make sense if the pain disappeared as soon as we stepped back! It’s even easier to understand because we were clinging to each other. First there was Groovy-san at the belly, then the sandwiched Al-san, and then finally me at the back, and even though it was less than a second, there was still a difference.]

Al: […But, the thorns aren’t gone.]

As he cleanly cut his finger on the untouchable thorns, Al muttered bitterly.

He was right, the pain had faded, but crucially the thorns had not disappeared. It was worrisome that, even though the obvious challenge of the pain had subsided, the thorns themselves did not. In most cases, this kind of residual spell had the effect of sensing the target’s whereabouts.

As long as those thorns remained, there was a high possibility that their whereabouts would be known to the other party.

Cecilus: [If that’s the case, even if we go to the trouble of hiding, they may suddenly send their forces against us. ――I don’t think it’s such a good idea to kill too many enemies.]

Al: [You said that earlier. The reason being…]

Cecilus: [A hunch, as I said earlier.]

Groovy: […Your fucking hunches, huh.]

As Cecilus did not hesitate to state the insight behind his reasoning, Groovy was unable to laugh at such a stupid joke.

While this was not a laughable situation, he had a track record that could not be dismissed as nonsense. Cecilus and Arakiya belonged to those of the Generals of the First-Class that went completely by intuition, but they were intuitive in different ways.

Groovy, also, did not think that their opponent who had caused a disaster of this magnitude would make a dull move of attacking with just brute force.

Rather, if the opponent only used brute force, then they would be no match for Vincent nor Chisha――.

Groovy: [――――]

For a moment, he glanced over at Cecilus’s profile, and then Groovy remained silent.

There were many thoughts going through his mind, but he knew that if their opponent had chosen to go with all-out force from the beginning, it would be a poor choice in their clash with the Empire, being that it contained the likes of Cecilus and Arakiya.

An opponent making such a presumptuous mistake could never be an enemy of the Vollachian Empire.

Of course, it would have been a different story if Cecilus’s shrunken state had actually been part of the opponent’s plan, but regarding that, Groovy’s own sense of smell negated that theory.

It was Chisha that had shrunk Cecilus. That he was certain of due to the residual Mana.

And, there was no way that Chisha would be complicit in the destruction of the Empire. In the end, however, it was hard for Groovy to figure out what Chisha’s intentions truly had been.

Al: [If our whereabouts are known, we don’t have time to think long and hard. What are we gonna do? Should we all go after them and confront the person who’s putting this curse on us?]

Cecilus: [Yup. That’s the fastest solution! But Groovy-san’s theory was that the curse’s potency is related to distance. That means that if we move away from the person, the pain will go away, if we close in however…]

Al: [This time we ain’t getting off with just a lil’ pain, huh.]

Cecilus: [Looks like it.]

While Cecilus put forth a guess, the mortified Al stared at the thorns in his chest.

Groovy agreed with Cecilus. Therein resided the horror of their enemy who was randomly scattering around a thorn curse on any target within range.

The closer one would get to the user, the stronger the curse of the thorns would act. Most people would probably be incapacitated by the pain before they could ever reach the user.

Groovy: [And if that happens, no matter how fucking stupid they are, they wouldn’t be able to move.]

Cecilus: [So, judging from that look in my direction, you must take me for a fool who rushes in without thinking, right? But as you can imagine, I won’t rush in without thinking either. If I can settle the problem by cutting down the opponent while enduring the pain that would be amusing, but――]

And, Cecilus, after a clap, clasped his hands together strongly in front of his chest, making a sound. As he was, he interlaced the fingers of both hands together, and alternatingly looked at Groovy and Al through the gap between his fingers,

Cecilus: [That’s not the case, is it? If it were a matter of cutting off the other person’s head, Groovy-san would’ve sent me out and made me do it by now.]

Groovy: […That’s what’s so fucking nasty about this curse shit.]

Cecilus smiled wickedly, and Groovy couldn’t help but sigh.

If this were magic, killing the caster would usually cause it to cease functioning. Magic was invoked by the caster using Mana to interfere with the world, so if the caster disappeared, that would be the end of it.

However, curses were specialized for causing damage that resulted in the death of the target.

For this reason, many of them activated in combination with the target’s Od, and most of them did not lose their efficacy as long as the target continued to live, even if the caster perished. For example, these thorns were clearly more dependent on the target’s Od than the caster’s, a perfect example.

The only way to break this type of curse was to have the caster break it, or to use a secret trick.

Groovy: [There’s that fucking sword, Murasame. Go get it.]

As he gave his instructions Groovy jerked his chin, to which Cecilus and Al simply stared in puzzlement.

Groovy did not pay much mind to Al since the latter had never known about it, but Cecilus, who had been aware of the sword but had now forgotten it, that he loathed. Grabbing Cecilus by the collar, Groovy bared his teeth.

Groovy: [I mean the Fiend Sword Murasame! That fucking sword’s the fastest way to cut through curses, Contracts, and other things that don’t have any form! Go find it!]

Cecilus: [Huh!? Even if you say so, I still don’t know anything about that sword! If you don’t know where it is, do you want me to go look for it… or would Groovy-san know where it is by the smell?]

Groovy: [It’s no use. That fucking sword cuts off the smell, so I can’t track it with my nose. Even if it’d been in a pool of blood all year long, I wouldn’t be able to follow the smell, fuck.]

Even if it were not for that, Murasame hated Groovy, who had melted the sword and reforged it into a katana; it would not even allow him to hold it in his hand.

Groovy’s nose could not locate the Fiend Sword, which was as difficult to deal with as its owner, Cecilus.

Al: [――But with it, you can do something about these thorns, right?]

As Groovy and Cecilus exchanged a few words, Al stood up and confirmed the situation in a low voice.

At his serious tone, Groovy released Cecilus and nodded.

Groovy: [Yes. If it’s to be somewhere, it’s either at this fucking idiot’s house or in a secret vault, but I don’t think the fucking idiot can keep a secret secret, so he probably doesn’t have something like that.]

Al: [I agree. Where is the house?]

Groovy: [It’s in the Crystal Palace’s garden. He lives with Arakiya in a stupid fucking shack.]

Cecilus: [Wait, wait! Groovy-san’s always talking about a “fucking idiot”, and I think he’s talking about me, but there’s a name I don’t recognize, who is it!]

Al: [Arakiya, that girl, is she doing alright in the Palace’s garden? What a small world…]

Groovy: [Nah, she’s probably not alright.]

As he replied to Al’s reasonable mutterings, Groovy wrinkled his nose.

The relationship between Cecilus and Arakiya was unclear even to Groovy, who could only observe from the outside. They apparently had known each other for nearly a decade, but it remained a mystery how Cecilus felt about her. It was clear that Arakiya disliked Cecilus, but they still lived together and shared meals together.

Groovy would be able to tell from the smell if they were actually together, but there was no sign of that. At times, they were a nuisance, as they could change the topology of the Empire while seriously going for each other’s throats.

Groovy: [But I don’t think that the Dream Sword or the Fiend Sword’d be left alone even after the fucking idiot got shrunk. So it’s possible that…]

Al: [――. If they were to be put in the Palace, they’d have done it from the start.]

Al was right in his concern regarding the uncertainty of whether they had been put in the Palace after having been recovered.

If they were to be able to get into the Crystal Palace, they could not adopt the bastion storming strategy, as it relied on reinforcements. However, in order to receive the reinforcements, it is a prerequisite that this caster be stopped.

Cecilus: [Hmmm, what to do? Leaving such a great weapon in the Palace would be a waste. Weapons that seem meaningful must be put to use.]

There, Cecilus, hands folded behind his head, interjected.

Cecilus, with his back to Groovy and Al, who were talking to each other, glanced at them and groaned, “Ugh”.

Groovy: [The fuck is it. If there’s something you want to say, just fucking say it.]

Cecilus: [No, no. Can’t the two of you speak by yourselves? It doesn’t seem like the two of you will hear anything I say anyway so I don’t really care.]

Groovy: [You’re sulking about Arakiya, fucking hell! You and that girl used to try and kill each other! This what you’ve been all pissy about ain’t it! So that’s all, you fucking idiot, now speak up!

Cecilus: [Huuhh, if you do want to hear it so badly. ――To be blunt, I’m talking about the fact that from their point of view, it’s better to let someone else have it than to leave it in the Palace.]

Changing from a smiling face to a sullen one, Groovy furrowed his brow at Cecilus’s statement, and became frustrated that he was then offered an opinion that was more honest and plausible than he had expected.

In other words, if Cecilus was correct, the Dream Sword and the Fiend Sword, two powerful weapons, were likely to be possessed by one of the undead.

Moreover――,

Cecilus: [If they are such powerful weapons then wouldn’t you put them in the hands of someone to whom you entrust an important location?]

Groovy: [Fuck.]

As stated by Cecilus, that was the most likely scenario, and thus Groovy agreed with a swear.

If this was the case, it was in their best interest to cut down on the possibilities they could and head for the correct locations.

Groovy: [As for Balleroy over at number three, that bastard’s different. His specialty’s the spear. He won’t make the shitty decision to switch weapons.]

Cecilus: [Then it’s somewhere else. It might be a waste of Al-san’s efforts to use my father and his friend as decoys.]

Al: [No, I agree with you that he’s the one that needs to be put out of the way the most… It’s no joke that he’s the only one who can hold bro and the others back when they arrive.]

Al’s clenched fist trembled, to which Cecilus, with one eye closed, looked at Groovy.

The plan was finalized. In order to obtain the Fiend Sword, they would go to the other bastions to find the person they thought might have it, a somewhat haphazard strategy――,

Groovy: [Fucking idiot, at least be the first to go and pull it off. Where’s the best chance?]

Cecilus: [Hmm~… I guess it’s number two, isn’t it?]

Al: [The southeast one, thats still pretty close to here. Then we’ll use the leather cloak again, and the three of us can go to…]

Groovy: [No.]

As they decided on the bastion to which they were headed, Groovy interrupted Al.

Shaking his head, Groovy threw the werewolf pelt in his hand to Al, turned his back on them, and went toward the entrance to the alley.

And then――,

Groovy: [We’re gonna go our separate ways from here. I gotta hold this fucking enemy’s head down so he won’t move. ――It’s a shitty role, but I’m the only one who can do it.]

Al: [――Hk, I understand what you’re saying, but there are thorns in our side! Aren’t the conditions the same for you and I!?]

Groovy did not stop even upon hearing Al’s voice trying to stop him.

Al was about to chase after him, when Cecilus’s small hand stopped him with a tap on his chest. While still holding back Al, Cecilus then asked Groovy.

Cecilus: [You can win, can’t you?]

Groovy: [At least I’ll make time for you, the fucking idiot, to do your work. Who do you think I am? I’m the amazing Groovy Gumlet, Sixth of the Nine Divine Generals.]

Raising his arm, so Groovy conveyed the basis of his confidence to Cecilus, speaking over his shoulder.

This seemed to have resonated particularly well with Cecilus. He let out a delighted snort that was obvious, and without even looking,

Cecilus: [Well, have fun. Next time we’ll meet with the Fiend Sword!]

With the leading actor’s familiar, florid speech, Groovy kicked off the cobblestone pavement and headed off to the battlefield.

△▼△▼△▼△

――After parting ways with Cecilus and Al, Groovy, now all on his own, leapt his way across the Imperial Capital.

Regardless of being out in the open, he sailed past the streets, kicked the walls and roofs of the buildings, and bounced with great vigor.

From here onwards, unlike covert operations that he might have performed by wearing the pelt of a werewolf, he had to garner the opposition’s attention by purposefully making his move in dramatic fashion.

Finally, at long last, the opportunity for Groovy to swing into action in his own element had arisen.

Groovy: [Making me do all this fucking annoying shit…!]

Placing the entirety of his accumulated frustration onto his tongue, Groovy spat out a spiteful sequence of profanity.

In the first place, behaving in a way that required him to scuttle around, such as running around in an effort to escape and lurking in secret out of the sight of others, was not Groovy’s thing at all. It was not about whether he was good at it or not, he simply hated doing it.

Despite that, ever since he had withdrawn from the western battlefield after the arrival of the undead, such a role had been unremittingly forced upon him until he had reached the Imperial Capital, and therefore, he was at the absolute limit of his patience.

Of course, his frustration was not the reason for his suggestion to act on his own, but now that he had obtained a perfect chance to run wild at his own discretion, he was going to savor it.

Groovy: [――Fucking dammit, it’s here.]

As Groovy spun in circles vertically while hugging his knees close to himself, the thorny vines surfaced and wriggled across his beastly fur-covered chest, its bindings undergoing reactivation due to the shortened distance between him and the caster.

The acute pain that pierced his heart directly was something that could not be withstood easily, even if the recipient was a warrior who was accustomed to pain. It was the complete truth without a sliver of falsehood, as stated previously.

Except――,

Groovy: [If it’s a shitty curse that torments the opponent, then there’s gotta be a loophole…!]

Drawing out a single dagger from the waistband fastened securely around his own body, Groovy barked.

Selected from the waistband loaded with multiple daggers, was one with a purple line streaking across its blade, and Groovy pointed the sharp edge of the dagger at his own neck, pushing the tip into himself.

Immediately, the poison affixed to the edge of the dagger’s blade coursed into his body, rapidly eating away at the petite build of the hyenaperson by flowing through his bloodstream. The deadly toxin ran amok, delighted by the joy brought on from fulfilling its duty of killing a living creature, and as it rushed to put a lethal end to the creature’s vital activity―― the blade was pulled back right before it could do so.

Groovy: [――Ahh.]

Enduring the sensation that caused the contents of his stomach to go through a reflux, blood rushed to Groovy’s widened eyes.

With the capillaries of his eyeballs having been ruptured, both of his eyes were dyed red, but his physical body had stopped short of being felled by the virulent poison, and a change was delivered to it instead.

A part of his body’s senses had been silenced by the poison. ――His sense of pain had been suppressed.

The next moment, the pain from the thorns that would have been enough to immobilize him had disappeared, and the sensation that constricted his heart was subdued by the exhilaration that came from forcibly overcoming the threat to his life.

Originally, the poison had been intended to be used as a tool for torture, the procedure consisting of administering it to captive enemies and letting them watch, fully conscious, as their own bodies were mutilated, all the while being unable to feel any pain.

Although, as long as he adjusted the dosage, he thought it would be possible to maintain control over his body and carry on with his sense of pain eradicated, just like this. He had always wanted to test this but had lacked the opportunity to do so, yet it had gone swimmingly without any preparation beforehand.

Groovy: [If I ever tested this on that fucking dumbass Cecilus, then it’s gonna be an irreversible mistake in case I fuck it up.]

If it were a matter of his own body, then he had it completely memorized, starting from the number of his beastly hairs without a single fang’s width of inaccuracy. He was able to make even the slightest adjustments thanks to it, but testing the poison on Cecilus or Al would have meant making rough estimates with their lives on the line.

More specifically, he did have an urge to test to see if even Cecilus would die from the poison―― pushing down his slowly climbing curiosity, Groovy set out for the third bastion.

The current situation spoke for itself. Right now, his topmost priority was to save the Vollachian Empire from its imminent destruction.

Truthfully, he wanted to make the most out of this situation with the undead reviving, going on a spree to collect materials from the limited numbers of rare races and from those that had already gone extinct, but he had to choke back his regret and let the opportunity pass.

The reason to allow such a thing simmered and blazed within Groovy.

Groovy: [Fuck this shit.]

He threw out brief words of obscenity. Those had come from the constant feeling of frustration within him.

――Ever since he had laid his eyes upon the Imperial Capital ruled by the undead, very much in the manner he was looking at it right now, the possibility that either Vincent or Chisha had died had come to Groovy’s mind. On top of that, if one of them really were to have died, then Chisha would have been the one, in his thoughts.

There had been signs of a faint smell of death trailing after Vincent’s steps. For all that, when the smell had abruptly vanished at some point, or so he thought, the situation had gone to shit.

Groovy: [Fucking pale-faced motherfucking bastard.]

The guy was a detached man who kept his emotions closed off from the eyes of others, but he had ultimately hid away even the inner workings of his heart from the smell.

As the Imperial Capital’s decisive battle drew closer, it had been the orders from Vincent that had sent Groovy towards the west, keeping him away from the battlefield, but that Vincent must have been Chisha.

He had no way of knowing what had happened to Vincent in the meanwhile, but upon imagining the circumstances behind why Cecilus had been shrunk down, the lone winner of it all would be Chisha.

In spite of that, if the Empire were to be defeated, then even his victory would be brushed away as if it had never happened.

Groovy: [Fuck that shit.]

Such a stupid idea could not be allowed to become a fact.

Groovy had been born in the Empire, raised in the Empire, and was a hyenaperson who lived in the Empire. The rise of his race’s social status depended on the work he did, and he had always been told that his duty was to fight courageously until he drew his final breath.

He was aware that he was born as someone who would leave his mark on the history of the Empire. In fact, he had been scouted by the Emperor, climbing through the ranks in leaps and bounds and eventually rising to the position of the Imperial General First-Class.

The group that such a person, Groovy Gumlet, had acknowledged as his equals, or even greater than him, were the Nine Divine Generals.

Groovy was a warrior who belonged to the Empire, and was also one person who obeyed the philosophy stating that “the people of the Empire must be strong”.

That was why the matter of victory or defeat was sacred. ――The victor must be honored, after all.

Groovy: [Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fucking fuck…!]

In Vollachia, the land of ceaseless battles, the world would sink to hell if even the aforementioned unwritten law were to be distorted.

Furthermore, hell was to be brought upon Vollachia’s enemies, so turning this world into that place was not an option.

He had to give the enemy an idea of where hell resided.

Groovy: [――Fucking found it.]

Spinning alongside his body was his vision, and Groovy let out a mutter when he saw a few silhouettes on the move.

The horde of undead at the bottom of his line of sight were screeching out something. However, their reactions were beyond subpar. They would have been harmless even if he were to leave them alone, but he had no reason to do such a thing.

Above all else, Groovy could not afford to let his prey get away in the midst of the smell of blood.

Positioning his fangs together with an audible click, he drew out the chain and sickle that he carried on his back.

It was a weapon difficult to handle, consisting of a wide, single-handed sickle connected to a weight with a chain. Usually, the chain would only be several meters long, and the chain and sickle were supposed to be used in fights that were close-ranged or middle-ranged, but Groovy’s weapon had been fashioned from unique materials.

Because of that, the chained weight had easily reached the group of undead, even though they had been nearly thirty meters away from him.

He swung his sickle-wielding hand in wide arcs, and the chained weight that followed after a moment sang its metallic tunes as it flew towards the ground with tremendous speed. The size of the weight was equal to a fist, but the power behind its acceleration was too enormous to be converted to a mere punch.

Of course, the undead jumped out of the pathway of the weight, not wanting to be on the receiving end of it―― but, how naive.

Groovy: [FUCKING MORONS!!]

The launched weight made contact with the ground in the direction of Groovy’s roar.

Suddenly, the weight manifested a red hue from within, and the surrounding buildings were caught in the massive explosion that followed. The resulting powerful shockwave engulfed the undead that had narrowly avoided the blast, and just like that, one of the Imperial Capital’s streets had been annihilated.

――The Crimson Hills Girall were located northwest of the Kararagi City-States, near the Great Waterfall.

That place, which appeared as a red desert area, was the most dangerous land in the world, made from delicate Fire Magic Stone particles resembling grains of sand. Because even a puff of wind could trigger a chain of explosions in that region, it was said to have been created from the bloody tears of a Great Spirit who had failed to become a part of the Four Greats.

The weight connected to Groovy’s chain and sickle contained Fire Magic Stones that had been collected from the Crimson Hills Girall in its interior, able to unleash its exceptionally destructive power in this manner upon absorbing Mana from its surroundings.

Exposing himself to the aftershock from the explosive heat that had demolished an entire street, Groovy landed on the charred ruins that unceasingly emanated black smoke and burned ablaze, and while leaning up to straighten his back,

Groovy: [Rrrooooohhh!!]

Like that, he roared as he let the destructive impulse that had been swelling up inside of him run its own course.

His pounding heart was bitching about the squeezing sensation from the thorns, but there was no pain to it. Moreover, he felt the scorching heat sear through his inner body, blowing out a breath that smelled of blood.

And then, he gnashed his fangs loudly, adjusting his hold on his chain and sickle,

Groovy: [Can’t fucking ambush me with a shitty curse like that!!]

As a shadow dropped from the sky, the hem of their red overcoat fluttering in the air, he launched the chained weight at them.

Just as how the power behind the weight had been demonstrated earlier, the opponent intercepted it with the sword in their hand, and immediately after that, an eruptive blaze swallowed them whole.

However――,

Groovy: [Tch!]

Witnessing the flames that had enveloped the sky becoming split in half, Groovy leapt backwards immediately.

The unnatural change that had occurred to the flames was a testament to the fact that the flying silhouette had chopped it down. In addition, the thorns pulsing with ardor at the arrival of their master, as if they were howling with joy, told him that his opponent was the one responsible for scattering the curse of thorns against Groovy, as well as his surroundings.

Had he gone without silencing his sense of pain with his toxins, then he would have been writhing on the ground, vomiting blood, by now.

Groovy wanted to say that he had the complete upper hand, supposing his opponent was someone who relied on their thorns alone. Alas, his enemy was apparently not easy to beat.

???: [Ambush? ‘Tis a rather strange remark. For what reason wouldst I resort to such underhanded subterfuge?]

The silhouette spoke as he descended upon the scorched field, languidly gazing in Groovy’s direction.

Fractured, pallid skin, golden pupils floating atop black sclera. His appearance was just as Groovy had expected, meeting the requirements of an undead, but there was something that had vaulted over a wall or two regarding his expectations.

First and second, there were the aesthetic garb that was only allowed to be worn by the Vollachian Imperial Family, and the facial features that were somehow reminiscent of Vincent Vollachia. More than anything, it was about the thing that his opponent had in his hand.

That was something only permitted to be held by the Emperor of Vollachia, the crimson, scintillating glow of the Yang Sword――.

Groovy: [Fucking hell.]

If the undead were resurrections, then of course there was the possibility of the Vollachian Imperial Family becoming a part of the horde.

Because of that, although Groovy was surprised by the fact that his opponent had the Yang Sword, he was able to accept it. What he was not able to accept was that it was not the only sword in his enemy’s possession.

With the Yang Sword grasped firmly in his right hand, the undead Emperor was holding a different weapon in his left.

And, it was a blade that Groovy had not been expecting this one undead to have gotten ahold of in this place――,

Groovy: [――How far are you gonna go to fucking defy me, you shitty ass katana !!]

As Groovy roared in an outburst of rage, in his field of vision was the undead Emperor, Fiend Sword Murasame in hand―― the Yang Sword and the Fiend Sword, two blades belonging to the Enchanted Swords were standing as an adversary against the Master of Curse Tools, Groovy, much to his chagrin.

--- Chapter 42: The Grand Slave ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Priscilla Barielle did not despise Stargazers.

Appearing only in the Vollachian Empire, they were pitiable existences burdened with mental illness.

That was the general perception of those who had become familiar with Stargazers, though to begin with, happening across those who harbored the disease of conversing with the world was not something that happened so frequently.

Even so, there existed positions that easily became entangled with those of the Stargazer affliction.

Those were people closely tied to the Vollachian Imperial Family.

Whether it was the Imperial Family themselves, or perhaps those who served the Imperial Family’s needs in their daily life. Those appointed to positions of steward, guard, and all the like, had a chance to encounter individuals ailed by the Stargazer malady.

After all, the Stargazers were a lot who could not help wanting to be involved with the history of the Empire, and whenever there was a large incident that would seem to be recorded in imperial history, they all appeared to blather on about it.

Although, there had never been a case in which the utterances of Stargazers, despised as madmen, were given significant importance.

Of course, there were likely some curious people who had lent their ears to the words of the Stargazers, but there were no history books, at least publicly, in which it was recorded that their ramblings had proved useful.

Until the current Emperor, Vincent Vollachia, had granted Ubilk an official position and the permission to enter and leave the Palace, that was the common understanding of the relationship between the Empire and Stargazers.

Was it not just as if Stargazers were like swains, continuing to emit an unreciprocated passion for the Empire?

Endowed with a commandment, they were swains who blindly relinquished everything for its fulfillment. Many of the imperial citizens aware of their existence despised them, however, Priscilla did not. Neither did she pity them.

Stargazers and the like were nothing so special as to warrant being the targets of contempt or pity.

From the beginning, the vast majority of living beings were slaves to something greater than themselves.

Be that to a ruler, to one’s family, or to one’s spouse, or perhaps to love, hatred, or fate; that was the only difference.

Thus, that was――,

Priscilla: [――Even mineself is no exception.]

With a clang, the chains of the binds cuffed around her wrists resonated as she murmured amidst the darkness.

When weaving words, she did not particularly care about whether an audience was present or not, but at the very least this murmur was not a soliloquy; it was uttered to be heard by someone.

Nevertheless, it seemed as if the other party had not desired such a thing, as there was no response.

Yet, if one was trying to conceal their presence, such petty desires would not be granted.

Priscilla: [No matter your attempt to bate your breath, there is no way to conceal the presence of a being such as yourself. Or perhaps, you shall not show your face unless I directly make mine way over to you?]

???: [――. As long as your hands are bound, that is an impossible action.]

Priscilla: [So be it. In that case, there is no choice but for you to take a step in mine direction. I do not intend to exchange words with someone who does not even show their face.]

???: [――――]

A beat later, though there was no confusion to the extent of hesitation, the thought was interrupted before the sound of footsteps. Gradually, accompanied by the slow, echoing sound of footsteps striking the cold floor, a small figure emerged in the darkness.

The light source in the dungeon was meager, allowing only a vague perception of their form.

There was a limit to how much one’s eyes could adjust to darkness. Much less, when one did not bother closing one of their eyelids to adjust their vision to the darkness of night.

Priscilla: [Do not perform acts so uncouth as concealing yourself in unlit darkness. When you make your entrance, do so magnificently into the light.]

???: [Truly a prideful statement characteristic of yourself. Caution: Required.]

And, right after hearing the emotionless voice, a hardness separate to that of the shoes sharply struck the stone floor. A high-pitched sound cut through the cold air, and then a bluish-white light forcefully pushed back the darkness in the cellar.

Priscilla: [――――]

In an instant, within that light, a beautiful white face emerged―― With orange hair and crimson eyes, the beauty clad in a dress as red as blood, was Priscilla Barielle.

Chained up in a basement, Priscilla was flashed by a staff that shone a bluish white, and holding that staff was a young girl with long pink hair―― with cracks running through her skin and horrifying eyes, she was an undead.

If there was something different about this undead, it was that she, having taken the form of a little girl before Priscilla’s eyes, was――,

Priscilla: [――The architect of this Great Disaster?]

Girl: [I will not deny it, but where did you learn that term? You should not have had any opportunity to hear it?]

Priscilla: [It was your subordinate who served a meal to mineself. Perhaps you had starved him of conversation? Even without mine inquiry, he kept talking about various matters to alleviate his boredom.]

Girl: [For General First-Class Temeglyph, Warning: Required. However――]

At that point, the youthful undead interrupted her words, and taking a step forth, she closed the distance between herself and Priscilla.

Even so, it was still far. No matter how slender and artistic Priscilla’s legs might be, it seemed unlikely that she could lift her leg to reach the other’s bangs.

Girl: [Have you managed to endure it? The boredom.]

Priscilla: [――――]

With the distance to Priscilla still maintained, the youthful undead continued her paused words.

Priscilla’s eyes narrowed slightly in response to the question. There was a strange closeness in the young girl’s statement, as if she were looking into her face.

It was not about physical distance, but about a mental one.

Priscilla: [You speak as if you have known mineself for a long time.]

Girl: [What do you think? Do you remember me? Do you have any idea who I am?]

Priscilla: [Unfortunately, I am not so fickle as to remember such a trivial thing. So either you are unworthy, or this is the first time you have ever shown your face to mineself.]

Girl: [Correct. This is the first time you have seen my face.]

The nodding young girl’s answer, however, was not a thorough answer to Priscilla’s doubts.

But then again, precisely because the other party’s statement left out all of the most important bits that their intention was clear. ――She was testing Priscilla. It was as if she was watching to see if a tethered beast would take the bait.

Priscilla sensed her intention and snorted slightly.

Priscilla: [Such fearless disrespect for mineself.]

Girl: [Indeed, I do not know the emotion of fear. What I do not know is not limited to fear, but as a venerable substitute for Mother, who greedily desires knowledge――] [1]

Priscilla: [So you know mineself from a one-sided point of view. ――You are the one behind the mouryou of the village of Coffleton.] [2]

Girl: [――. Elucidation: Required.]

Priscilla interrupted the young girl, who rambled about herself, and as she spoke of something that rang a bell in the latter’s mind, the girl held her breath.

The mutter was proof that Priscilla’s idea had a connection to the young girl, but it was not clear to the other party how exactly Priscilla linked it to her.

Priscilla: [Hmm, it is not that confusing, is it? Once upon a time, within mine Domain in the Kingdom, what is now happening to the Imperial Capital… or rather, the entire Empire, a similar incident occurred. When such rare events happen twice around oneself, it is natural to connect the two.]

The incident had occurred within the Barielle Domain of the Kingdom of Lugunica, in the village of Coffleton. The center of the incident and the village whose residents had been turned into undead.

However, at that time, it was not so much a case of the dead being brought back to life as it was a case of corpses being manipulated according to the will of someone else. The queen, the apparent cause, had been defeated, and since then, there had been no reports of similar incidents. It was thought that the situation had been settled.

Priscilla: [It seems that you have changed the location of your nest and continued to perform your “ tehsts ”. You have improved somewhat in your appalling game of dolls with insects inside their corpses.]

Girl: [The previous approach had too many obstacles to achieving my goals. Improvement: Required.]

Priscilla: [You do not deny your involvement with Coffleton?]

Girl: [I do not see the point. Are these not meaningless inquiries?]

The young girl’s response, devoid of emotion, was more an expression of disgust than one of distaste for the wasteful use of time.

The clear indifference aside, such lack of denial was useful in obtaining the information she wanted to get. On the other hand, however, the dialogue with such a person was――,

Priscilla: [You are quite the bore.]

Girl: [And that is important, how?]

Priscilla: [Disregarding whether this conversation is beneficial or not, that is the only value that can be derived from it.]

Girl: [So then, why do we not just ignore whether it is beneficial or not?]

Priscilla: [That is why I said I find your conversations a bore. It is like talking to a dead person. Talking to a gravestone would still be preferable, given the lack of your petulant responses.]

Girl: [――――]

The young girl’s black eyes narrowed as Priscilla spoke, and she took another step closer to her. She put her hand on her chest, the one not holding the staff,

Girl: [Is it not as if you are conversing with the dead? When you see me, you would not suspect me to be alive.]

Priscilla: [It would be nonsensical to ascribe life or death to something that could not even be said to have lived. However, it was somewhat unexpected that you would be undead.]

Girl: [――. Why is that?]

Priscilla: [It would be an ill-advised gamble for you, the originator of the ritual, to become undead yourself. Moreover, at the moment of your death, the technique that you have woven could be cut off, and all your plans may come to naught.]

Naturally, that might be an unfounded worry depending on information and evidence of which Priscilla had no knowledge. However, given the nature of this young girl, even that was highly questionable.

This girl, in particular, disliked inefficiency and had a propensity for not reaching for things that she estimated to have less than definite proof.

Despite this, she had treated even her own life as a card in her hand that would bring about the Great Disaster.

Priscilla: [Perhaps when confronted with your inevitable death, you had no choice but to entrust your hope to the afterlife. Or perhaps you were already undead before you caused this incident. If not――]

Girl: [If not?]

Priscilla: [――Perhaps you deemed it acceptable that it would all come to naught had your life not continued beyond that point?]

Guessing at the inexplicable true intentions of the young girl who had turned into an undead, Priscilla voiced three possibilities.

Listing them out in order, based on the nature of the young girl that she analyzed so far, she held off the possibilities that would be far from being true.

However――,

Girl: [Admiration: Required.]

This was the young girl’s reaction in response to Priscilla’s speculation when she voiced what should have been the least likely possibility.

In essence, it meant nothing more than that the young girl had given up on the plans she had set in motion around the time of the incident in Coffleton, about at the same time as the end of her own life.

This fact alone was enough to furrow Priscilla’s beautiful brows, but what intensified it further was the reaction of the young girl to the truth of the statement.

With her lifeless, pale face missing any signs of life, the young girl smiled as if Priscilla’s intentions had been understood.

In the midst of the light emitted by the staff, witnessing that smile, Priscilla furrowing her brows became even clearer.

Priscilla: [Finally, you have shown that there is at least value in talking to you, disregarding gains.]

Girl: [――. Has something changed?]

Priscilla: [If you have yet to realize it yourself, allow me to append some congratulatory words. The exceeding irony that is the sprouting of a life after death…]

Then, Priscilla stopped speaking, closing one of her crimson eyes. After a brief moment of beautiful and precious contemplation, Priscilla reopened her closed eyelid.

And, with both of her crimson eyes fixed on the face of the young girl, who had lost her smile,

Priscilla: [No, not quite. It did not sprout after death. You, did you sacrifice your own life to prove it?]

Girl: [I did not take my own life. The opportunity naturally presented itself. However, the speculation that I faced an unavoidable Death is not incorrect. Correction: Required.]

In response, the lips of the young girl once again painted a smile, similar to before.

In this clear reaction, Priscilla could distinctly sense the rhythm of life―― The presence of emotions within the young girl. They were something that had not existed in the young girl until now.

And without that, the dead could not resurrect as undead.

Therefore, the young girl had proven it with her own life.

She might have had the qualification to become undead, but there needed to be a reason to place her soul back into the earthen vessel and make it cling to this current life.

It was a strategy with low certainty and could hardly be called efficient.

Priscilla: [But emotions are what lead to such choices, are they not?]

Girl: [That is correct.]

The young girl, with her hand still on her chest, had a sense of audacity emanating from her.

The previous emptiness, as if conversing with a doll with no substance, was gone. Instead, what was present was the tension of confronting a decidedly different and inorganic presence.

Girl: [The plan in the Kingdom was thwarted because the me of the past had dismissed this. However, though I may have failed to become the Witch of the Kingdom… it seems I have been chosen to become the Great Disaster of the Empire.]

Priscilla: [Chosen, you say. Is that the reason you have invoked the disaster?]

Girl: [Correction: Required. That is not the motive. It is the basis.]

To Priscilla’s question, there was a resolute answer.

Listening to the young girl’s response, Priscilla’s vague suspicions began to take shape.

What had been sinking into the shadows darker than the darkness of the underground dungeon gradually became clearer through the young girl’s words and expressions, just like when she had brought the light of her staff into the cellar.

And then――,

Girl: [My name is Sphinx, I was also once known as a Witch in the Kingdom of Lugunica.]

Priscilla: [――――]

So, looking directly at Priscilla, declaring her name, the young girl’s―― Sphinx’s words and demeanor, and what they meant, were finally conveyed to Priscilla.

The explicit mention of being called a Witch in the Kingdom of Lugunica was likely to clearly distinguish herself from those known as Witches in other countries.

The six Witches other than the Witch of Envy had once existed, and yet they had all but disappeared from history, commonly known as Witches throughout the world nonetheless.

However, if one were to limit a Witch to the Kingdom of Lugunica, only one person would fit the description.

It was easily discernible through history that this entity had been involved in the Demi-Human War.

Yet, what this self-proclaimed Witch, Sphinx, wanted to convey to Priscilla was not merely some trivial information regarding her true identity.

What the Witch wanted to convey to Priscilla was――,

Priscilla: [――The reason you overcame a futile death, and gained the sprout of life as an undead, was because of mineself.]

That was a declaration of war, stating that Priscilla was the reason Sphinx had become the Great Disaster.

△▼△▼△▼△

In the first place, she did not even have to mull over it to know that the situation was too conspicuous.

At the site of the decisive battle at the Imperial Capital, where the Imperial Army and the rebel army had engaged in a direct clash with one another, Sphinx had brought the undead along with her, interfered in the battle as the Great Disaster, and caused the end of the insurrection to be left undecided.

During the battle, Priscilla and Yorna had both been focused on their fight with Arakiya, leaving them with a delayed grasp of the shift in the situation compared to the other battlefields, and they had been defeated as a result, too late to discern the intentions of the undead.

As of now, Priscilla was chained up in the dungeon, and the well-being of Arakiya and Yorna remained unknown in the current situation.

During the fight with Arakiya, the Soul Marriage Technique that Yorna had placed within her still retained its lingering effects, so there was no doubt that Yorna had survived. Even if that were not the case, Priscilla had resigned herself to being held as a prisoner in exchange for the safety of Arakiya, who had lost her consciousness, and also Yorna, who had been disconcerted by the undead that had appeared.

The deal would not have been able to be established if the other party had not the intention to capture her.

Therefore, the fact that Priscilla was chained to this prison while alive, just like this, it was only natural that the other party wanted something to do with her.

Priscilla: [I have imagined that, surely, it was Lamia who was particular about my life.]

Sphinx: [Princess Lamia Godwin had agreed to spare your life. She was strongly attached to you. During her last moments――]

Priscilla: [――I do not intend to share the time between mineself and Lamia with another.]

She cut her off, bluntly regarding her words as a mere stint of curiosity that existed for momentary satisfaction.

Sphinx simply pulled back with an, “I see,” at Priscilla’s declaration. She had brought it up as the subject of their conversation, but her interest concerning the topic was probably non-existent.

This much was evident to Priscilla, who had been kept alive even after Lamia’s second death.

Sphinx: [Attachment is a mysterious phenomenon. It is too heavily influenced by elements that are contradictory to rationality. Regardless, I have struggled to understand outcomes where irrationality had prevailed over rationality at times.]

Priscilla: [Rationality or irrationality, which one have you given greater importance to for the outcome of speaking to me in this manner?]

Sphinx: [I wonder which one it is. Deliberation: Required… Doing so is a thought-provoking action in itself.]

As Sphinx answered her, Priscilla wondered if she was aware of it.

Regardless of whether she was aware of it or not, as Sphinx continued to speak with Priscilla in this place, there was a rapid increase in the human-like qualities of her speech.

The water that was her conversation with Priscilla had been poured onto her budding humanity, bringing a significant growth into existence.

Priscilla: [――――]

Priscilla took notice of what Sphinx had truly meant by that, and it had not been refuted when she had voiced it out loud.

Judging from how Sphinx was maintaining her attitude of deliberately not probing further into the subject, it could be said that the idea of it belonging to the core of her motives was unequivocally affirmed.

There was one thing that Priscilla was, as much as she was vexed to admit it, falling behind Sphinx in regards to it―― the fact that she was entirely clueless about Sphinx’s extreme attachment.

Of course, considering Priscilla’s status, there had been times when complete strangers and those whom she only knew the names of harbored some sort of one-sided obsession over her.

However, Sphinx’s attachment was clearly beyond the scope of her egotistical single-mindedness.

There was a reason. A reason that had become the origin of the Great Disaster.

Sphinx: [Earlier, you spoke of an interesting subject.]

Priscilla: [――――]

Sphinx: [All forms of life are slaves to some sort of greater entity. In the past, I have not been able to understand this, but currently, I am sensing the signs that will guide me to my understanding.]

Sphinx started, seemingly finding the topic interesting, and Priscilla responded to her words with her silence.

She was not scorning her, nor was she ignoring her. If she were to put it into words, it was a type of curiosity that must not be trifled with. Sphinx had begun speaking while mentioning that she found it interesting, and her speech itself was what Priscilla was deeply fascinated with.

The Witch had expressed her understanding of something she previously could not fathom, and even showed her agreement with Priscilla’s words. What was she planning to talk about?

Sure enough, in front of Priscilla, who prompted her to go on with her silence, Sphinx resumed her speech.

Sphinx: [Because of this, I am able to discover a new rationality in the midst of all the irrationality. Attention: Required.]

She said, then struck the end of her glowing staff against the floor once more. The staff, with a glorious jewel inlaid into it, grew glaringly brighter, and during the moment, a change had occurred to the surface of the jewel.

――The view of the Imperial Capital, outside of the dungeon, had been projected onto the pale, transparent jewel.

Perhaps its principles were similar to how a Conversation Mirror would emulate the reflection on the other side over the face of the mirror. Priscilla felt that such a formula seemed rather grandiose to only be used for gazing at something from a distance, narrowing her eyes through the light.

Although, Sphinx had told her to pay attention.

Priscilla: [What do you wish to present to mineself?]

Sphinx: [The validity of your words, and the results of my renewed equation.]

On the assumption that the accuracy of Priscilla’s words was correlated to what Sphinx had said a moment ago, she pondered about what would be shown on the jewel, and then made a realization.

And then, simultaneously, Priscilla’s realization and the jewel’s projection became clear.

The scene that had been displayed was――,

Sphinx: [By gaining an understanding of emotion and attachment, for the first time, I have discerned the methodology regarding their uses. She is commendable, is she not? If it is for your sake, she does not take herself into account. ――Deliberation: Required.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――At the same time, at the real location of the scene projected within the jewel.

???: [Oh dear, seems like I’ve done quite the bad thing to Groovy–san. I’d established in my mind that my intuition wouldn’t be wrong at the critical moment… but it was fairly off the mark.]

Voiced in a witty manner, a manner contrary to the cheerful tone of the words was the topic of his own mistake.

However, no diffidence could be sensed in his expression or narrating tone whatsoever. That was because he did not care about his mistake at all, and because he was not really serious about the desire to apologize―― because his intuition had been half-right, and half-wrong.

Leaving the flashy role of a diversion to his ally, he had dashed along the undead-infested Imperial Capital to one of the bastions belonging to the city’s walls, to a place that was known number two in that sequence, where something he was looking for ought to have been present.

Of course, his intuition had been the one to lead him to believe so; he held no doubts that were he to call that his conviction, many would end up rebuking him.

But, at the very least, he himself did hold a conviction. ――That this was his time to shine.

That if he, the leading actor of this world, Cecilus Segmunt, were to arrive at this venue, a boisterous, obstreperous display of his magnificent deeds would be made to all those in the audience watching over him.

That was――,

???: […So, do you have some sort of excuse?]

Cecilus: [Dear me, you’re right about that, but how about this? “My intuition wasn’t wrong. If you want to know why, it’s because the thing I truly want is right here!”, something of the sort.]

Next to him, holding the smoldering pelt which had already lost the meaning of “invisibility cloak”, Al spoke words of bitterness, to which Cecilus exultantly responded so.

In reality, whether that had been veracious or not was in a dimension beyond Cecilus’s comprehension, but was believing oneself not much, much more positive when compared to doubting oneself?

Cecilus: [Don’t you think so too, half-naked onee-san? A depressed face’s sure to be followed by a dark turn of events. In that case, then it needn’t be said what face the leading actor, who basks in light, ought to be making.]

???: [――――]

His head cast above, facing the figure of a person floating in the sky, their altitude beyond even the height of the ramparts they had arrived at, Cecilus raised his voice; but a reply came not, from the other party.

However, there had been an initial greeting from them. Something that had transmogrified absolutely everything in the surrounding area into a sea of flame in an attempt to immolate Cecilus and Al, both hiding under the cloak of fur, to naught.

While performing a deed immense to such a degree, no hostility, no intent to kill targeting Cecilus and Al could have been felt in said action whatsoever.

The only thing there had been from the slender body exposing plenty of its brown skin, had been merely the sobbing pleas of a young girl, who had taken in something so great that it seemed like she was about to be rended apart.

He did not know what kind of circumstances had led to that thing entering her, but――,

Cecilus: [I guess she probably ate something bad. ――You really are a handful.]

Girl: [――――]

Cecilus: [Huh? That strange feeling just now…]

Just what was it , Faster than he could reel that answer in, there was movement overhead.

A flicker of light, and a tremendous power rained from overhead to destroy Cecilus and Al. Before that could happen, Cecilus licked his lips, and to his side, as Al cast away the fur cloak,

Al: [Ah, fuck it all! ――Re-expand territory!!]

As that desperate shout was engulfed in the midst of the impact, the greatest clash of the Undead Capital began.

Translation Notes:

[1] – Here Sphinx changes her pronoun from her normal pronoun, 私 (Watashi) , to Echidna’s pronoun, 僕 (Boku) .

[2] – Mouryou (魍魎) is a collective term for spirits of mountains, rivers, and various other things. It is also used for things like mononoke, kappa, and yokai. Read more: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mōryō

--- Chapter 43: To Each Their Long-Cherished Desires ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Aldebaran knew of what Stargazers were.

The person who had informed Aldebaran of their existence, in the past, was a being knowledgeable about almost everything about this world, who nevertheless still coveted the unknown, greedily.

His relationship with that person was a complex one.

It was not one which he could describe with words such as “like” or “dislike”.

If asked whether he was grateful to them or not, he would probably say he was. But, the degree of his gratitude towards them notwithstanding, he harbored reservations about how incompatible they were with him. Such was the kind of person they were.

At any rate, regardless of who had taught him that knowledge, he knew of the Stargazers’ circumstances.

And thus, they contributed nothing to the outcome of Aldebaran’s dearest wish whatsoever. More important than his interest in the Stargazers or whether they were involved with him or not, was the fact that they had dragged them into this.

When Priscilla had first declared she would head for Vollachia, through trial and error he attempted to stop her; once she had decided on something however, her mind would not be swayed no matter what.

So, the best he could do was to accompany her, endeavoring to serve as her insurance as much as possible, but―― for Aldebaran, the fact that he had happened across them in this Empire, was undoubtedly a cruel twist of fate.

Always, fate would intervene in Aldebaran’s life in extremely odious ways.

Therefore, he did not have the slightest good impression in regards to fate, but just this time, he was grateful.

If they were here, it would be a different story. If they had been dragged into this, the situation would be dramatically changed.

If they were to enter a frame, unable to abandon it, if the frame they were unable to abandon were to increase in scope more and more, to the point that they would not be able to handle all of it, then Aldebaran’s dearest wish would be fulfilled.

Once before, Aldebaran had thrown everything away, entirely.

Amidst darkness, continuing to walk while solely relying on what meager starlight was present, he had given up on trying.

For that reason, the sun was radiant. As if there was no such thing as darkness, it had scorched his resignation to naught.

If it was to protect that dazzling sun, he was fine with licking the boots of fate. Enduring pain that seemed to tear into him, he would not even hesitate to look them right in the eye.

Be it Witch, be they Stargazers, be it the Great Disaster, no matter what stood in his way, he cared not.

――It’s just, I’m begging you, so please, don’t get in my way.

△▼△▼△▼△

――In total, twenty-two times.

That was the number of attempts it had taken Al to figure out what had happened to him. In an instant, there was a whiteout so abrupt that he did not even realize that his body had evaporated――.

Al: [――Nah, it wasn’t caused by clouds or snow, it was fire, so I guess it’d be a redout . Or it’d also be fine to call it a crimsonout , ‘cuz it sounds cooler.]

Taking a deep breath, he uttered a pointless, nonsensical remark.

Although he could not say for certain whether his mind was normal or not, at the very least, he could bring himself to a tenuous belief that his mind was normal.

For the time being, that was fine. If there was a problem――,

Al: [When it comes to fighting at this level , there’s no room for me to intervene!]

In front of Al as he barked this, was one of the duties that had to be accomplished in the Imperial Capital―― the conquest of the five bastions of the star-shaped ramparts had been completed in one location.

Solid walls that boasted immense defensive capability had been annihilated without a trace. What else could this be called but the accomplishment of that objective?

But then again, at the second bastion, where the high, high walls and surrounding buildings had been completely erased, a greater obstacle than the now-vanished walls obstructed the path, as the next hurdle.

――The cloudy sky was dyed red, and a girl surrendered herself to the sky through the work of some unknown principle.

The girl had short silver hair, red eyes, and much of her brown skin exposed; however, as much as her beautiful features were captivating, she exhibited an appearance that jolted an instinctive sense of danger within any who beheld her.

Having left the master of the thorns to Groovy, by using the werewolf’s pelt, Al and Cecilus had safely reached the second bastion―― no, they had attempted to reach it.

Strictly speaking, the second bastion had been wiped from the face of the world, and caught up in that annihilation, Al had suffered damage many times without even being able to perceive said damage, before finally grasping the situation and the method with which to move it forward.

That said, he did not even want to think about how many extra attempts it would take to reach the same result if he were asked to do it again.

That was why――,

Al: [――Re-initiate thought experiment, territory redefinition.]

Updating the matrix by ten-odd seconds, or perhaps just by a few seconds, Al put the whole of his effort towards finding an opening to escape.

As Al had shouted earlier, there was no room for him to intervene. Regardless, whenever Al suffered fatal damage, he would restart from a predefined point, so the world would not progress.

It would be a different story if Cecilus could pick up Al and let him escape from the lethal zone together with him, like the time with that sniper, but――,

Cecilus: [Sorry, Al-san, but my intuition is telling me that this is my time to shine and that looking after you’d spoil my state of being.]

With that stated, Cecilus quickly resigned from protecting Al and challenged the girl in the sky―― Arakiya.

How many times had Al seen her by now? Looking back on it, their relationship had been steadily deteriorating: back when he had been a gladiator on the Gladiator Island, he had fought together with her when she was still a little girl; next, they faced off as enemies in the Fortress City of Guaral; and now, she was vaporizing him in the Imperial Capital.

But, putting the viewpoint of a middle-aged guy who had encountered her several times to the side, as Cecilus had said, it could be understood that Arakiya was not in her usual state with a single glance.

Arakiya: [――――]

Arakiya was writhing in midair, her state was evidently abnormal.

A Spirit Eater, Al had heard about their characteristics in passing from Priscilla. In reality, he had been able to see her transform into fire and water with his own eyes, but this clearly ran counter to those precedents.

Unlike when she assimilated her body with water, or when she soared with part of her body turned into flames, Arakiya’s current appearance looked like she was just about to be devoured by an enormous white light from the inside out.

As if protruding out from the inside of her slender brown body, translucent crystals tinged a pale yellow seemed to be directly growing from her skin one after the other.

The purest form of magic stones were known as magic crystals, and they were encircling Arakiya’s entire body.

If she were nonetheless capable of remaining composed like that, it would have seemed that Arakiya’s appearance was another display of her power as a Spirit Eater, but――,

Arakiya: [――Hk.]

Arakiya’s red eyes reflected not a clear image of anything in the world. With tears flowing from her clouded left eye, her lips spilled out a pained gasp for help.

Nobody would consider this situation as normal or as something that Arakiya herself desired.

If a child cried out with a gaping mouth, tears streaming down from their eyes as they repeatedly pounded on someone, even supposing their eyes were closed, their ears were plugged, their skin were covered, it would still be known that the child was crying nonetheless.

That was exactly what Arakiya was doing right now.

Al: [Don’t tell me you’re gonna say that you can’t leave a crying child alone!?]

Al, at the end of his rope and trying his best to flee from the ruin, shouted in desperation to Cecilus, who was rushing towards it.

Upon hearing this, Cecilus did not look back, but shook his shoulders in a way that made it clear that he had laughed,

Cecilus: [The tears of women and children can be the impetus to get a story moving. So it’s natural that I can’t overlook them, but that isn’t the case here.]

Al: [So then…!]

Cecilus: [But―― I have business with those tears.]

Immediately after he spoke, Cecilus leapt at lightning speed, using a piece of melted debris as a foothold.

In the surrounding area, the barricades that had been erected to protect the second bastion had melted away, manifesting the appearance of a magma-filled inferno. Should one carelessly plunge one’s foot into the magma, the damage incurred would be much more than merely slipping, but rather the portion that had been plunged in would be instantly incinerated, leaving a scar that would not be seen ever again. Al’s source for this was himself.

But, Cecilus jumped into the area that had become a garden of magma, making full use of the limited footholds to close in on Arakiya, who was floating in the sky.

His speed and transience were beyond description―― no, truly beyond description was the deed that was realized directly afterward, mixed in with Cecilus humming a tune.

Al: [No way!?]

Arakiya’s entire body radiated white light in the air, and a moment later, a flash of light scorched the spot where Cecilus was running.

The unleashed spear of light pierced into the magma, and a beat later, everything within a radius of a few meters around it had compressed, and was immediately blown asunder. The imploded magma and the destructive force that had caused said implosion then spread out to the surrounding area, scattering it over a radius nearly ten times the size of the initial compressed space.

Rendered speechless, albeit he knew himself to be out of range, Al reflexively covered his head with his arm to protect it; with his vision covered he could still see that though that single shot alone had been horrifyingly powerful, the bombardment still continued without cease.

One, two, three, four shots were fired in rapid succession, each shot reshaping the form of the Imperial Capital.

Streets ceased to be streets, and land ceased to be land.

They were fired one after another, pursuing Cecilus as he ran on the ground, but even he――,

Cecilus: [Ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta――!!!]

Splatters of the scorching heat known as magma were scattered about, the gaze of the blinks of destruction known as flashing light were evaded, and Cecilus broke through the white dust in a mad dash through the space where death rained down incessantly.

All the footholds had already disappeared, and through a space where magma would soak one’s feet in the place of solid ground, Cecilus swiftly ran with zori that did not seem to have any sort of fireproof quality.

Bearing witness to that sight, what flashed through Al’s mind was the absurd image of a shinobi running on water―― the technique of stepping forth with their left foot before their right foot sank, then stepping forth with their right foot before their left foot sank.

Undoubtedly, Cecilus was performing that not on water, but on magma.

Al: [That shouldn’t be possible!?]

Cecilus: [As long as a person thinks that way, they’ll never be able to do it!]

Cheerfully responding to Al’s exclamation, Cecilus performed an outrageous act that scoffed at the very laws of physics. Running straight forward he plunged into a house that had escaped harm’s way, and in the subsequent instant, that house collapsed, and a pillar that had been kicked out of the crumbling building soared through the air like an arrow.

It was a rather girthy arrow with an incorrect size ratio, but it closed in on Arakiya with enough speed to bore through the torso of a large animal. But, before it could hit Arakiya, it spontaneously combusted, and smoldered to naught within the air.

Surrounding Arakiya as she radiated light, so much heat was being generated that it appeared as if both herself, and even the space around her were being distorted, so there was no way any half-hearted attack could have drawn near her.

Even Cecilus ought to have understood that. And yet――,

Cecilus: [Go! Go go! Go go go!!]

Inducing a thunderous sound, Cecilus destroyed buildings one after the other, and, kicking the pillars, rooftops, and household belongings of the destroyed buildings flying at speeds unperceivable to the eye, he made an incessant onslaught on the airborne Arakiya.

Of course, it was not a matter of which would reach her, as all of them vanished in the air before they had the chance.

Moreover, in retaliation against those unsuccessful attacks, there were arrows of light that were sure to prove fatal with merely a graze.

Al: [Idiot, stop that, don’t you get it!? If you recklessly attract her attention…]

Cecilus: [What are you saying, Al-san! It’s totally totally totally totally the opposite! Rather, it’s absolutely necessary that I attract her full attention to myself!]

Al: [This show-off… No.]

Cecilus continued to contribute to the destruction of the Imperial Capital’s scenery, voluntarily to the buildings, and incidentally to the rest of the surroundings. Trying to laugh off his usual leading actor-type statement with an unfunny one-liner, Al realized.

All of Cecilus’s positioning involved placing Arakiya on the interior of the Imperial Capital, and going around so he would be outside of it to draw her attacks―― That was to say, it was a battle with no attacks directed towards the inside of the Imperial Capital.

Having finally understood that, Al also understood what Cecilus was trying to say.

Cecilus: [Right now that woman has neither consciousness nor rationality. All she’s got are the defensive instincts in order to not be killed or burst apart. If left alone she’d aimlessly head for the center of the city, but if we let her rampage in the center, what’s gonna happen?]

Al: [It’d become a hole that nobody’d be able to live in for the next hundred years…]

Cecilus: [A whole lotta people would die. It may be fine if they were just enemies, but I don’t really find it desirable for people who aren’t enemies to die in great numbers. The world will get lonely, after all.]

Saying so in a calm tone, Cecilus dodged the ray of death that attempted to graze him, and devoted himself to lightning speed in order to implement his statement.

Unable to hide his surprise at Cecilus’s unexpectedly decent motivation, Al stuck his finger into his heated iron helmet, and adjusted its angle while holding his ground.

――As Cecilus had said, currently, Arakiya did not have the leeway to turn her attention anywhere else.

Arakiya had taken in something beyond Al’s imagination, and desperately enduring as it overflowed, she was merely counterattacking by reflex against any threat that could impede her.

Thus, Cecilus continued to put himself at a critical distance and meddle with Arakiya in order to keep her contained here, as he claimed it was necessary to prevent the Imperial Capital from being destroyed.

Al: [――――]

Cecilus’s aim, and the peculiar situation Arakiya had been placed in.

The choice to turn his back and flee, as there was nothing he could do, would always flicker in the corner of his mind, but even Cecilus had once had one of his legs blown off.

If Al’s presence had made it so that that had never happened, then there was value in him being here.

Al: [――Am I really doing this?]

Slowly shaking his head, Al drew in a long breath.

Right at the outset, he had already drawn the short end of the stick twenty-two times; from here on out, he did not know just how many times he would end up drawing it again. As a result, he wondered what might happen to his sanity.

However, regardless of whether he was sane or not, there would never be any mistaking that the sun was dazzling.

Al: [In that case, I’m fine with this.]

The metal fixtures on his helmet made a sound as he plucked them, and Al took one step forward.

Then――,

Al: [――――]

The unleashed white light aiming for Cecilus exploded ten-odd meters in front of him, and the magma droplets blown away by the aftershock directly caught Al, who had not dodged――,

Al: [――Next.]

With his redefined territory, the ordinary man resolved himself to step onto the grand stage.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Cecilus Segmunt had once told Arakiya something, in the past.

He had done so during a battle to the death between the First and the Second, an event regarded as commonplace in the Imperial Capital.

In the midst of a chat between Arakiya and Cecilus, who were the defeated and the victor respectively, a conversation taking place in a vast field reduced to a scorched plot, the latter had sliced open the clouds with his katana , a technique he had purported as being nothing but something for show.

In reality, Cecilus had thought it held no utility other than for surprising people; having witnessed it first-hand, Arakiya too evaluated that as a skill devoid of any useful purpose whatsoever.

That, was the divine miracle of empty sky that Rowan Segmunt had spent his lifetime devising―― for those who were transcendent monsters, it was worthy of naught more than being dubbed a flashy performance.

That was to say――,

――A long leg glided through the air, and with a delay, a strong wind blew the dust away.

Quickly stooping down to evade the powerful leg, he spotted an opening in the large sweeping kick of his opponent, and unsheathed his blade towards the slender waist in an attempt to cleave them in twain―― an impact slammed into his chest.

The air was squeezed out of his lungs, and looking down with eyes widened, that which had caused his sternum to grate were the multiple tails growing from the rear of the woman who had unleashed the kick.

Rowan: [――Hk.]

Its fur soft, a tail like that of a fox had delivered a strike unbelievably vigorous, causing the body on the receiving end to fly backwards, bouncing off the ground.

Once, twice he witnessed heaven and earth revolving, and upon the third time, bidding farewell to the skies he thrust his sword into the ground, as to bring his momentum to a halt. Heels smashed into the ground, and clenching his molars he immediately sheathed his blade, his stance one for drawing his sword――,

Woman: [Do you understand by now?]

Rowan: [――!?]

The very start of the movement, aiming to unleash his swordsmanship, ought to have had a glint of light reflect off the blade to accompany its drawing from the scabbard, but it was stopped by the hand of the woman, pressing against the handle of the katana still in its sheath. He fell silent at that instance, and as the woman faced him, the corners of her long-slitted eyes drooped as if pitying him, and,

Woman: [You are not worthy as my opponent.]

Rowan: [Ohhhhh――!!]

As if to sever that pity, instead of drawing the pinned-down katana , with the handle fixed in place as an anchor, he pulled off the scabbard, revolved by half a turn, and slammed the scabbard fashioned from the bone of a Witchbeast into the side of her face.

The force, the angle, the feedback from the swing, they all told him it had been more than sufficient to pulverize the human cranium.

However――,

Woman: [――――]

The one to be smashed to pieces was the scabbard, and the woman―― the foxwoman who called herself Iris, displayed no sign of pain in her expression.

But, as she raised the hand that had been pinning down the handle, her lips, in which pity still remained, quivered,

Iris: [I shall not allow you to die, but the pain shall be to such an extent.]

Striking her palm against his forehead, he rolled backwards as his body was blown away.

This time, his defensive stance to endure a hit was torn asunder, his brain bobbing about. He traveled down the long, oh so long boulevard before the Crystal Palace, bouncing for tens of meters without stopping.

Bouncing, bouncing, bouncing and rolling, rolling and rolling, he rolled until he lay spread-eagled.

And then――,

Rowan: [――Ah.]

Having been left half-dead after only a short battle, Rowan Segmunt gazed in wonder.

She was far too excessively, exceedingly, powerful.

An unbelievably strong individual. Of course, he had fully understood that she was a formidable opponent. And yet, he had believed that after one thing or another, he would be the one to come out on top ultimately.

As that was how things had always gone until then, this occurrence too would come to an end in the same fashion, most likely――.

――Here, the misfortune of the man known as Rowan Segmunt shall be narrated.

The man who had been traveling with him, Heinkel Astrea, was a man whose misfortune laid in the fact that he had not been chosen for a single thing that could only be obtained via being chosen.

On the other hand, Rowan Segmunt was a man who had continued to be chosen for things that could only be obtained via being chosen, which had resulted in his misfortune.

Rowan Segmunt held a long-cherished desire. Something he kept pursuing. A prayer he continued to long for.

In order to reach the Heavenly Sword, he had endured all kinds of hardship, mastered every conceivable necessity; no matter what sort of devil or monster he was branded as, he possessed the hunger to fulfill that goal.

In that wish, there was no lie nor was there falsehood. It had nothing to do with compromise or resignation.

He had never once been dishonest about the sword or technique he tried to master, nor had he ever missed a training session.

But, Rowan Segmunt had never encountered them.

Had never encountered a worthy rival who had reached the same heights as him, a formidable enemy who could invigorate him with the notion that he had no other option but to overcome them, a love that would push him to places he could not reach alone; he had simply never done it.

He cut down every single person he encountered, and due to some causality, he had never collided with anyone whom his ability with the sword could not surmount; continuously he missed opportunities to clash with the many transcendent beings in this world, and, upon falling into despair at that which he could not reach, upon wishing for death, he had been bestowed a commandment, becoming a Stargazer.

Had he been granted the chance, Rowan Segmunt’s swordsmanship would have likely made the world tremble throughout its entirety.

But, devoid of a worthy rival, devoid of a formidable enemy, devoid of a loved one, Rowan continued to be all by his lonesome.

It was not that he had come to the clear conclusion that feelings were unnecessary to master the way of the sword, nor was it that he had suffered a severe betrayal from someone he had formed a bond with.

It was simply that Rowan had never met someone who would inform him of his current position, nor had he met someone who could boost him up from his current position.

The reason he had been able to avoid Iris’s initial attack from the Crystal Palace was because she, adverse to the deaths of others as she was, had had no intention of landing the attack.

The reason for which the undead Balleroy Temeglyph had fled from the “cloud-cutting” technique was because he feared an unexpected counterattack from Cecilus Segmunt; thus, he had wished to avoid pursuing them too far.

The reason he had remained safe until now, amidst the Great Disaster brought about by the hosts of undead, was because the only ones that had appeared before him were opponents his sword skills were perfectly capable of handling.

The reason for which Rowan had not been dispossessed of his life by Cecilus Segmunt, the latter refusing the former’s attempt at instigating the assassination of the Empire, was because the latter had said “It may be impossible Dad, but get really strong then come back here and fight me, I’ve got a feeling that a development like that’d be heated!” on a whim.

The reason why Rowan Segmunt had continuously escaped death till this day, was none other than the scales of fortune and misfortune always tipping in the direction of fortune for him.

And now, the opponent Rowan had encountered in the Imperial Capital, which had transformed into the Undead Capital, was also the sole enemy that had no intention of taking Rowan’s life.

――The world would not grant Rowan’s wish, but it continued to only illuminate the paths where he would survive.

Rowan: [――――]

Iris: [――You intend to persist?]

As Rowan slowly raised his body from its spread-eagle position, Iris knitted her brows.

The distance between them had opened a few tens of meters, but perhaps because her unmistakable presence had made it so, Iris’s words were fully understood by Rowan.

――Nay, this was likely a change yielded due to encountering a powerful enemy for the first time.

As if an unbreakable shell that had always been around his exterior had been shattered, that feeling was probably the reason. Because of that, he clearly understood.

As Iris fixed her gaze on him from the front, the powerful Mana in which her entire body was clad―― its colossal magnitude was understood by him beyond a shadow of a doubt, as was the result of direct confrontation just a moment prior.

In the Undead Capital of Lupugana, guarding the Crystal Palace, where the ringleader of the enemy was likely present, Iris blocked the path―― this woman was, unmistakably, the strongest being in the Vollachian Empire.

Someone that even Cecilus, extolled as First of the Nine Divine Generals, was no match for, the ultimate existence for the sake of this disaster――.

Rowan: [Kahaha, how fortunate, how so very fortunate! What a good day it’s been…!]

Perceiving that through his experience, Rowan bared his teeth and smiled as his mind rang with a sound akin to his son singing in a loud voice.

He had thought that in order to reach the Heavenly Sword, there would be no means aside from cutting down his son once the latter did eventually reach it. However, if he were to encounter a being that surpassed even Cecilus, like he had now, it was a quicker story.

It was not eventually, the time was now.

Right now, at this moment, Rowan Segmunt would reach the apex of the sword, and seize the seat of Heavenly Sword.

For that purpose――,

Rowan: [――Swordsman, Rowan Segmunt.]

Once more, sheathing the katana which he had yet to let go of, he spread his legs, adopting a stance with the blade at his waist.

In the far distance of his vision stood Iris, the distance that had opened between the two of them a sign that he had run out of luck―― no, the result of his days of blood and sweat in his endeavor to reach the apex remained, still.

And now, he would receive the reward commensurate with that from Iris’s slender neck.

Rowan: [――Cloud-cutting.]

With the blade being unsheathed, a flash of the sword was unleashed; Iris, standing motionlessly, faced it head-on.

The air present ahead was cut down by the flash, the foliage interrupting the path were cut down by the flash, all notions of sound and wind were consigned to oblivion; in all his life until now, it was the most honed Rowan’s blade had ever been.

And the woman in the beautiful dress, Iris, would have her head lopped――,

Iris: [――This is as far as it goes.]

By merely tilting her head, she avoided the finest brandish of Rowan’s life, and grumbling those words like a sigh, Iris firmly stepped on the ground, and moved forth.

The ultimate existence of the Great Disaster, did not grant Rowan the time to swing his sword a second time.

△▼△▼△▼△

As a violent impact plowed into him right from above, Rowan could do naught but be buried deep into the street.

Iris: [――――]

Looking down at the figure of the swordsman who had sunk into the ground, Iris waved the hem of the dress that had performed the deed, and turned her back to the man she had faced off against.

Likely, the strength to fight no longer remained within her opponent. She would be under no threat even with her back turned to him.

It was sad to say, but even supposing strength was indeed present, even if he did attempt to launch a surprise attack, it would not reach Iris.

Iris: [While you are still with your life, you must leave the Imperial Capital.]

Those words were to be spoken at the outset to the weak; spoken only at the end of a duel to the death were the opponent strong.

As an opponent to whom these statements ought be given, Rowan was a terribly troublesome person. ――He was not weak. Yet, neither was he strong. If she was forced to put it to words, he would be the apex of the common man.

Thus, in regards to the reality spread throughout the Imperial Capital as it was in the moment, his presence could even be called a sin.

Iris: [A sin, is it? How in the world could I say such a thing…]

Clutching her chest, Iris spilled those words out as if to curse herself.

Even so, her mind was made. She had made up her mind. Thus, she had carried that out in a form where she could not make excuses. No matter who or how many people closed in, she would force them all back.

As long as she did that, the story of Iris and Eugard would――,

Iris: [――For what reason, do you stand?]

Halting her steps, Iris questioned the presence behind her without looking back.

To the swordsman who ought to have fainted from the strike a moment ago, to the presence of Rowan standing up. She had believed that she had dispossessed him of his consciousness, instead she now lamented for having been exceedingly naïve. However, had she applied any more force, his skull would have been shattered, most likely. That was because she had no intention of reaping his life.

Had she been too naïve, believing that she had properly conveyed the gap in strength between them, perhaps? There did exist some cases in which the other party would not back down despite a difference in strength, so perhaps this was one such case.

Iris: [There are times when your opponent has no intention of letting you go, so you must fight with your back against the wall. But, I have…]

Rowan: […No intention of doing that. That’s the problem.]

Iris: [――――]

The response, spoken in a frail, husky voice, was beyond Iris’s comprehension.

Be it the pride of a warrior, be it the obstinacy of a man, either way it was something Iris was unable to comprehend.

Iris began to think. She thought about that which she wished to cherish, even more so than those things.

That was why――,

Iris: [If you still cannot bring yourself to give up――]

Until his spirit was crushed, she would keep going, even if she were to hear the sound of cracks forming in her own heart.

Indeed, it happened at the moment Iris was about to confront Rowan’s resolve.

Iris: […Eh?]

Turning around, Iris’s eyes widened in astonishment.

Not because of any abnormal situation like Rowan closing their difference of ability in the blink of an eye, nor was it because someone else had come to this place, turning their weapon towards Iris in Rowan’s stead.

Present there was merely Rowan, however, the one to have astonished Iris was unmistakably Rowan.

――With the katana in his hand, he slashed his own neck, fatally so.

Iris: [Wha…]

One beat elapsed, and in the subsequent moment, blood spurted out of the severed arteries in his neck with tremendous vigor.

The boulevard was stained with the gushing blood before her eyes, the essence of life flowed out of Rowan Segmunt’s body, being absorbed into the ground.

Iris: [Why…?]

Witnessing a scene wildly beyond her comprehension, with that gasp a breath escaped from Iris’s lips.

Seeing Iris’s state, Rowan’s eyes widened with a maniacal glint as blood gushed from his neck. And while that blood came up his digestive tract, flowing out of the corners of his mouth, he smiled.

And smiling, he spoke.

Rowan: [Even if I die, I’m go――]

Midway through his words, Rowan’s blue eyes rolled around, and as his pupils dilated, he collapsed.

While perceiving that it was not a loss of consciousness, and instead was a loss of life, Iris quickly rushed over, trying to extend her hands to the man in an attempt to at least save his life.

However, her hands did not reach the man’s corpse.

The reason for that being――,

???: [――I’m gonna reach the Heavenly Sword.] ???: [――I’m gonna reach the Heavenly Sword.]

Having just died, several undead Rowan Segmunts swooped down from all directions in unison, set upon Iris as she sprinted.

△▼△▼△▼△

――When the unleashed breath of the Dragon ran through the townscape of the Imperial Capital in approach of him, there were not many things that Heinkel could do.

Only, wielding his sword in accordance with the appeals of his survival instincts, he dug enough of a hole in the ground to give himself scant consolation. Just in time, he slipped his body inside that hole.

But then again, consolation was merely consolation; with the trajectory of the Dragon’s breath boring deep into the ground as it closed in, the hole would probably amount to nothing more than consolation.

Thus, the life of the current head of the lineage of the Sword Saint, a family that had continuously protected the Dragon Kingdom for many a year, the life of the man known as Heinkel Astrea would, as irony would have it, be deleted by the breath of a Dragon, no trace of it remaining――,

???: [――Oioi, ya can’t die so easily, Pops.]

Grabbed by the scruff of his neck, Heinkel was dragged out of the hole he had opened by force. With fierce vigor his body was hoisted; immediately after, a burning smell, that of the Dragon’s breath having scorched the world, could be perceived by him.

Heinkel: [Uoh, UWAHHHHHH!?]

His vision spun around, blood spilled from his broken forehead, gastric juices flowed out of the corners of his mouth; his body’s contents were scattered about without any impediment, and after experiencing the sensation of being afloat, he fell to the ground.

His state such that a defensive or even an adequate state could not be taken, he stretched out his legs, placed his arms on the ground as to raise his body, then looked at his surroundings.

Heinkel: [――Ugh.]

The reason he had reflexively let out a groan, was because he bore witness to the disastrous scene in the location he had been just a moment prior.

Caressed by the Dragon’s breath, white steam was being emitted from the area, which had been completely erased. Had his escape been belayed, most likely, he too would have become a portion of that white steam.

???: [To make it easier for Captain ‘n the others to enter, my amazin’ self was supposed to rampage in the south ‘n draw their attention, but… Hah! Can’t believe my eyes!]

Heinkel: [Aah…?]

???: [Thought you’d flee for sure, but ya sure got guts, don’t’cha Pops?]

Amidst its roughness, praise was certainly present in that voice; once Heinkel did turn the side where its origin lay, standing there was the figure of the person who had dragged him out.

There was enough illumination behind him that Heinkel was unable to gaze at their face with clarity. His ears were still ringing due to the impact of the Dragon’s tail strike just before, so he was unsure if that voice was a familiar one or not.

But, as if to say that all of those things mattered not, the person gnashed their fangs, and proceeded forth.

Behind Heinkel kneeling on the ground, they moved to square off against the colossal Cloud Dragon, its glare on the two of them.

Then, powerfully striking their fists together before their chest,

???: [――My amazin’ self’ll lend ya a hand, Pops! “None can lift the Quain Stone alone”, ain’t that right!!]

――With a roar akin to that of a beast, as the vanguard of the “Rescue the Vollachian Empire from Destruction Squad”, Garfiel Tinzel raised a warcry at the start of the bout against the Cloud Dragon.

--- Interlude: Ubilk ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Web Novel Alignment By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――As we all know, Ubilk was a Stargazer.

The commandment bestowed upon him, was that of saving the Vollachian Empire from the ruin of the Great Disaster that befell it.

For that purpose, he, a mere male prostitute, had acquired unexpected intelligence, and eventually came to be recognized for his certain value by Vincent Vollachia.

Of course, Ubilk was not so naive as to view that as an achievement of his own merit.

Even so, amidst the many who were granted the position of Stargazer and seemed to tread on tragic paths, Ubilk thought himself to be in a fortunate position.

For the vast majority of Stargazers, being granted a commandment meant distorting the nature they had possessed as a human up to that point, and being forced to live in an entirely new way. One might evaluate that as unfortunate or pitiful, but from Ubilk’s perspective, the prerequisites for that were extravagant, and it could not be thought of as anything but the viewpoint of someone who was blessed.

A twisted human nature, and surrounding individuals who could sense a change within them―― if not for acquiring those things, they would never be able to harbor such a recognition in the first place.

Ubilk was certainly one of those people, and he was deeply grateful, from the bottom of his heart, for his commandment, which had altered his way of life; a life which ought to have been expended with him remaining a nobody.

――Even now, after having fulfilled his commandment as a Stargazer, that did not change.

Ubilk: [Stiiill~, it’s not like Vollachia has been saved though…]

The reinforcement of armaments and appropriate stationing of capable personnel, in the Fortified City of Garkla where preparations for war were being made all throughout the night, Ubilk, with no position of his own, muttered so as he overlooked all the busy people.

Sensing that the fog which had always occupied a corner of his mind had cleared up, his thoughts were suddenly free from the influence of the fog, and Ubilk became aware that he no longer was a Stargazer.

As previously mentioned, the commandment bestowed upon Ubilk was that of saving Vollachia from the Great Disaster.

In spite of that, the fact that Ubilk had now been released from his commandment, was tantamount to implicitly notifying that there was no longer anything he could do regarding the Great Disaster.

As soon as he woke up from the frenzy that had been stimulating him, Ubilk felt like he had been made naked.

Ubilk: [I’m grateful you know? Eveeen~ thooough~ I’m grateful…]

It was exactly like a grand bout one would only have once in a lifetime, one that had taken close to ten years for its manifestation.

Had he had the ladder pulled out from beneath him just before getting any results, he might have been tempted into grumbling his dissatisfaction with “that’s not how it’s supposed to be”. He had even put out his Evil Eye, a natural feature of his as one from the Evil Eye Tribe, just to prove to Vincent that he held no treachery, thus declaring his position.

Even now, he still possessed the scar from his Evil Eye right in the middle of his chest, and such a lonesome thing it was.

Ubilk: [Well, either way, it’s a good thing that as a user of the Evil Eye I don’t have any talent for it.]

The problem was, the firewood he had been tirelessly burning until today had vanished, leaving behind proxied beliefs that just continued to raise smoke; and alongside that, the being known as himself had been quenched afterwards.

Until now, he had continued to progress in the direction indicated by his commandment, and had carried out his duty as a Stargazer.

That had been Ubilk’s method of fighting, so he had not acquired knowledge of the fighting styles of warriors, such as swinging swords or drawing bows. The days he had spent on the Gladiator Island, too, involved making it his number one priority not to die in order to fulfill his commandment, thus he had absolutely no combat experience.

Therefore, in this fortress where everyone had the resolve to fight, Ubilk was all on his lonesome.

Ubilk: [I wonder if I shooouldn’t~ have informed His Excellency in such a foolishly honest manner.]

Having left the Fortified City of Garkla, Vincent was headed to the Imperial Capital of Lupugana for the decisive battle.

Before his departure, Ubilk had been directly questioned by him. ――On the possibility of there being some use he could provide in stopping the Great Disaster still, as a Stargazer.

Had he lied and said that his commandment yet remained unfinished, perhaps he would not have been left behind in the fortress.

Ubilk: [Buuut~, it’s not like I really want the Empire to be destroyed.]

By telling a lie because he had no place to be in, needless worry would be bestowed upon Vincent, and it would serve as an act that would benefit the enemy.

Weighing Vincent and Chisha as to who would serve the Empire better if left behind, Ubilk had taken part in Chisha’s plan, and assisted in having Vincent survive.

He had been bestowed with a commandment, but in contrast, Chisha, who had established his own way of life without having been granted one, was much more admirable.

Ubilk did not want to disgrace that decision. On the other hand――,

Ubilk: [――――]

Within the restless fortress, Ubilk aimlessly passed by many people.

Absolutely all of them understood the adverse situation they were placed in, yet still did what they needed to in order to challenge that which they must. Regardless of how well they performed, Ubilk respected that they were devoting themselves to their duty. At the same time, he was envious. Just a little while earlier, Ubilk had been on the same side as them.

Ergo, Ubilk thought to himself.

Ubilk: [Supposing the Empire were to be in danger… I wooonder~ if I could be bestowed with a commandment again?]

Having been deprived of his role, no longer being necessary, what if it were to become necessary once more?

At this point, there was nothing Ubilk could do concerning Vincent’s group, as they had already departed for the Imperial Capital. But, even if Vincent’s group were to eliminate the ringleader of the Great Disaster, what would happen if someone who held an important position in the Empire were to lose their life, or if someone from the Kingdom who was helping out were to die?

Would that not be a crisis threatening the ruin of the Empire, in a form entirely different to that of the Great Disaster?

Ubilk: [The possibility of something like a Stargazer being bestowed with a commandment, fulfilling it, and then being granted a new commandment, is close to zero. ――But, it isn’t zero.]

If only a commandment to save the Vollachian Empire from ruin could be brought down to him.

If that new crisis were to come about, commandments would likely be passed down in order to prevent that.

――Yearning for such a possibility, Ubilk’s legs began to head for the back of the fortress.

Ubilk: [――――]

Ubilk, along with important people of both the Kingdom and Empire were packed inside the sturdiest great fortress within Garkla.

In order to reach this point, the undead would need to capture the protective walls enclosing the city, as well as the numerous forts along the way. By that point, the perspective of those defending would treat it as a lost battle.

However, there were no further means of retreat within the Fortified City, and the soldiers would have no choice but to fight until the very last soldier fell. Quite literally, this grand fortress would be the last bastion of the Empire.

――If there was an opening in that.

Ubilk: [Just a small one, anything.]

Just one opening would be fine.

Even if he did not go so far as to remove the latch from the gate, he could leave it raised a bit so it would be easier to unlatch. Setting up a simple magic stone time-based device to go off after a certain amount of time within the outer walls of the fortress would also be fine. If only to push the backs of the undead, one step forward.

If he did that, the flame that had gone out in Ubilk’s heart would receive new kindling――,

???: [――You, just what are you doing over there?]

As a voice suddenly came down on him from overhead, Ubilk halted his step, and tensed the expression on his face.

Turning around, a gaze was falling upon him from the second-floor passage of the fortress―― his eyes met with those of a brown-haired woman, who rode in a wheelchair and had a nasty look in her eyes.

A woman that had also been riding in the coupled dragon carriages, where she too had no idea what her role was. With a look of suspicion on her face, she glared at Ubilk, who was present in the unpopular rear of the fortress, and,

Woman: [Don’t tell me… you’re slacking off? If so, can’t get any worse than that. Listen here, even though a woman with bad legs like me is working, do you want to die? Yes, you.]

Ubilk: […Nooo~, it’s not like I’m slacking…]

Woman: [So then, why are you in such a place? C-can you not make such poor excuses? You think a person like me is ignorant about the world, so it’s easy to deceive me, don’t you? Those sorts of things, I can tell.]

While mixing in a strange self-punishing viewpoint, the woman denounced Ubilk.

Her attitude was extremely one-sided, but anything that he could say in response would pointlessly provoke her ire, so Ubilk was earnestly troubled as to what he should do. Wracking his brain, he suddenly had a thought.

Ubilk: [I want to ask sooomething~ really quick… Your legs are disabled, and you’re probably unable to fight, so why exactly does a young lady like yourself continue to live?]

Woman: [You, are you trying to pick a fight!?]

Ubilk: [Ah, no, you’re mistaken. I wasn’t reeeally~ trying to speak ill of you…]

As the woman widened her eyes in anger and leaned out of the window, Ubilk raised both of his hands and apologized. As he did, he truly tried to formulate what he wanted to say within his mind.

In this predicament, within the grand fortress in which warriors were coming and going, was a disabled woman who could serve no purpose.

Ubilk: [Why does such a person go around searching for things to do like that?]

Woman: [That’s, well that’s obviously because it’d feel awful to just stay put without doing anything!]

Ubilk: [――――]

Receiving a blunt, angry voice in response, Ubilk was startled.

Seeing Ubilk’s surprised reaction, the woman gave an “Argh geez!” and bit her fingernails in irritation. While biting them, she fixed her eyes upon Ubilk as if he had killed her parents, and,

Woman: […You know, my fiancé died in this conflict. He went out of his way to come and save me, and he died.]

Ubilk: […Thaaat~ must have been tough.]

Woman: [Don’t speak as if you know. Though, it isn’t just you. Everyone is saying things like they know, but it’s none of their business. But…]

Ubilk: [But?]

Woman: [What would they think if a woman in a wheelchair remained whimpering and cowardly, unable to serve any purpose? They would make a fool of Todd, saying stuff like “Ahh, her fiancé died because she was such a burden”.]

Her voice and lips trembling, the woman spoke while tears welled up in her eyes as she gave an angry glare.

The name that had suddenly appeared without explanation was likely the name of her fiancé. What she was speaking of was undoubtedly just her paranoia. But, though it was excessively dramatic, there was also some truth to it.

Without knowing the circumstances, without knowing the relationship between this woman and her fiancé, if strangers were to cross paths with her for just a moment, the majority would likely harbor such pity for her.

Woman: [I don’t need anything like pity. I-if I can have even a little bit of dignity, if there is even a little bit of work I can do, then that idiot, then that idiot won’t need to be looked down on by people who didn’t even know him.]

Ubilk: [――――]

Woman: [I’m… going to live my life with dignity.]

Clenching her teeth, with tears welling up in her eyes, while her pitiful voice trembled, the woman spoke thus. Saying that, the woman glared at Ubilk with her moistened eyes once again.

And with a snap, she thrust a finger out from her elevated position.

Woman: [I-if you understand, then find a job to do and get to work. Are you below a woman in a wheelchair?]

Was that intended to light a fire in him through rough words, or was it purely just her having a sharp tongue? For Ubilk, who did not even know the woman’s name, her true intentions could not be deduced.

Though he could not deduce them, the woman was sufficiently conveying what way of life she had established for herself.

And that was――,

Ubilk: [You’re quite praaaiseworthy~, young lady. After all, you just crushed one of the reasons leading to the Empire’s ruin.]

She became the impetus for Ubilk, who had ceased to be a Stargazer, to be released from his commandment in a true sense.

△▼△▼△▼△

Katya: [Saying such nonsense, trying to throw me for a loop, that man. Well, after that, it looks like he actually went to the soldiers in the fortress to find work to do…]

Walking next to Katya, who was breathing roughly, unable to vent her anger, Rem sighed deeply at the story of the man she had reprimanded.

Even in a situation where everyone needed to work together as one, there would always be a certain number of troublemakers. They were the ones who would discourage the morale of those around them and disrupt the loop.

Rem: [But, please be careful. There’s no guarantee that they won’t lose their temper and turn violent on Katya-san.]

Katya: [Um, that’s…]

Rem: [I’m glad that this time someone listened to you obediently. Next time, please don’t be so reckless when I’m not around.]

Katya, her lips pouting with bitterness, had nothing to say in response to Rem’s concern.

She did not outright acknowledge it, but she also did not want to say something that would make her feel bad for no good reason. As she caught a glimpse of such Katya-like anguish, Rem’s expression grew gentler.

Subaru and the rest had left for the Imperial Capital, and the people that remained in the city were busy preparing for the defensive battle.

Those who could fight had been assigned to their respective positions, while those who could not were assigned to support them. Rem, who could use healing magic, was valued highly. It was literally an all-out war.

Katya, who had converted one of those who were unmotivated, was one of those who were doing everything in their power to help―― Rem knew, of course, that although she was fighting hard, that did not mean she had recovered from the feeling of loss.

Katya had lost her fiancé, Todd, and even her brother Jamal had proudly announced his intention of going to a place where death was certain. Only able to imagine how that must have felt, it was heartbreaking for Rem.

Katya’s brave front, which she had also put on in an attempt to not allow Rem to worry, contributed to this.

So――,

Rem: [Katya-san, can I ask for help gathering clean cloths? I’m sure we’ll need a lot of them when the fighting starts.]

Katya: [That’s fine. You know, you can pile a surprisingly large amount of things on my lap.]

Without pointing out Katya’s brave front, Rem asked her to help with her work. She believed that this was what Katya needed right now, and that it would help as many people as possible reach tomorrow.

And then――,

???: [――Ah, Rem-neesama.]

When Rem looked up upon hearing her name being called, she saw a girl barging in, waving her hand at the end of the passage.

It was a pretty girl with a big ribbon on her head―― Petra. Beside her was the tall figure of Frederica, and there was also another person――,

Rem: [Nee-sama too. What are the three of you doing together?]

Rem tilted her head as she caught sight of Ram, who was leaning her back against the wall.

These three women, according to Subaru, were apparently Rem’s colleagues from when she had her memories. She was satisfied with her relationship with Ram for the time being, but she had not gauged the distance with the other two yet.

Frederica, the crinkles of her eyes lowered, smiled upon seeing Rem’s slight nervousness.

Frederica: [We have finished our work for the time being, and we have come to invite you to take a break with us. We cannot let our guards down too much, so a minimal sense of urgency may be necessary, but…]

Ram: [You won’t last long if you stay tense all the time, plus, the more time I get to spend with Rem, the better.]

Petra: [I also agree with Ram-neesama. Besides…]

Smiling in response to Ram’s candid words, Petra turned a meaningful glance to Rem mid-sentence, glancing up at her.

Realizing Petra’s gaze was on her, Rem was silent for a moment and perceived what she truly meant. They were people Rem was trying to feel out their relationship with, but the same could be said of them too.

That said, it was also true that things right now were in a state of emergency, so――.

Rem: [I feel grateful about how you feel. But, now is not the time….]

Ram: [No, Rem. You have it backwards.]

Rem: [Nee-sama…?]

Ram: [It’s an imminent situation, after all. You may think this is not the time for this. However, you can also say it’s the only chance we’ll have. Ram can trust Rem, no questions asked. But――]

There, Ram squinted her light-crimson eyes, and pointed out the two by her side with a glance.

Rem had believed friendship ought to have been put on the back burner due to the urgent situation. However, Ram and her colleagues thought that trust was important in a situation like this.

Rem: […Katya-san, what do you think?]

Katya: [Huh? D-don’t ask me something like that. First off, I wasn’t even invited…]

Ram: [What are you talking about? Aren’t you a friend of Rem’s? You better come too.]

Katya: [Wha… E-even though your face looks similar, you’re way pushier than Rem… No, thinking again calmly, the one here is a very pushy woman as well… Hk.]

Rem and Ram, the two sisters, spoke to her at the same time, and Katya looked awfully puzzled.

Anyway, when asked for her opinion, Katya’s gaze wandered for a moment before she said,

Katya: […Why don’t you try to get along? You won’t be slacking off if you talk to them about work-related matters, and on the flipside, I’m sure that they wanted to see you too anyway, no? Or so I think.]

Frederica: [Katya-san.]

Petra: [Katya-sama.]

Katya: [N-no need to be so forceful! I don’t even know your names.]

Petra and Frederica were pleased with Katya’s opinion, which was parallel to that of Ram and the others, after some puzzling. Rem also had her notions, sneaking a glance at Katya who was trembling at the vigor of those two.

It was not like Rem did not like it. It was just that she could not help but feel pressured――.

Ram: [――Are you really that worried about Barusu?]

Rem: [Yes. He’s always acting so over the top… Ah.]

To the side of Rem, who was watching Katya and the others with her hand on her chest, Ram quietly inquired so.

It had been so natural that even Rem had unintentionally let her true feelings slip out.

Without realizing she was doing so, Rem, whose hand had been on her chest, put it back over her mouth and gawked at Ram. However, her big sister just batted one of her eyes shut and gave a proud smile, making her aware that she was no match for her.

And, that was when it happened. ――In the sky above the grand fortress, a loud, loud explosion rang out.

Everyone: [――――!]

A moment later, Rem turned her head in a hurry to look out the window, coming to see a flash of light cutting through the morning sky.

It was a report from a city watchman, who had used the signal that was agreed upon in advance――,

Ram: [――Frederica!]

Frederica: [Understood!]

Immediately after, faster than Rem could stir, Frederica responded to the sharp call of Ram.

She quickly stepped behind Katya, and grabbing the handles of the wheelchair,

Frederica: [Katya-sama, be careful not to bite your tongue!]

Katya: [W-wait, hold up… gyah.]

Petra: [Frederica-neesama, this way!]

Katya, who was in her wheelchair, let out a scream as Frederica broke into a very brisk run. Meanwhile, Petra began running with her small body through the fortress corridor as if she were leading the way for the wheelchair.

One moment later, one after another, all of the people in the great fortress―― or rather, everyone in the entirety of the fortified city of Garkla, began to move at once; in a flash, the city had transformed into a singular living thing.

They all shared a common fate, they were all in the same boat, such applied to the living, to the dead, all and one the same creatures.

Ram: [Rem, are you prepared?]

Rem let out a gulp, feeling this illusion that made her feel like the whole city was shaking; and standing next to her was Ram.

Looking back at her intrepid big sister’s face in profile, who had asked her that question, Rem took a small breath and said,

Rem: [What would happen if I were to say I am not?]

Ram: [If that was the case, rest assured that Ram has already prepared for Rem as well.]

Rem: [――. As expected of Nee-sama.]

Ram: [Of course. Ram is the kind of older sister you should be proud of.]

Nodding to Ram, who shared her courage without even needing to ask her for it, Rem followed Katya and the others ahead as she ran with her sister through the noisy fortress.

The battle was about to begin. ――The final battle that would determine the fate of the Empire.

Rem: [Please. ――I’m relying on you.]

Thinking of the boy who was not here, Rem bashfully prayed for him.

Whether it was because she was relying on that boy, or because she was not able to be by his side to help him, she did not know the source of her frustration.

Rem ran through the shaking fortress, following behind Ram, who had set off ahead of her.

△▼△▼△▼△

The large-scale evacuation of the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, accompanied by the retreat on a scale unprecedented within recorded history.

While casualties among the civilians and the soldiers were by no means negligible, the present outcome was nevertheless far less severe than had been originally anticipated; in large part because of the mindset by which the Imperial citizens lived their daily lives.

――The people of the Empire must be strong.

That teaching and philosophy had pervaded each and every citizen of the Empire, and it had succeeded in allowing many to take the best possible measures for surviving in this extreme situation.

In addition to the success achieved through such individual resolve and actions, the fact that various plans made for times of emergency, such as the coupled dragon carriages, had been fully functional was also significant. These were the achievements of the person who had grasped the forthcoming threat of the Great Disaster, the arrival of which had originally been foretold by a Stargazer, and made the proper preparations.

The fact that said person had been unable to arrive at the fight against that very Great Disaster could be called a bitter regret.

???: [Still, that selflessness has kept the Empire alive! I express nothing but the utmost respect, General First-Class Chisha…!]

His voice bellowing, Kafma Irulux mowed down the hordes of the undead with thorns discharged from his arms, fighting hard in order to defend the road leading to the Fortified City behind him.

The Imperial Army that had been deployed incrementally along the highway going from the Imperial Capital to the Fortified City had been gradually falling back towards the city while supporting the evacuation of the retreating citizens of the Empire, with the aim of merging with the group within the fort.

Among the Generals who had participated in this decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, the role that had been assigned to Kafma was of the utmost importance, and although he himself would not admit it, it could be said that the work he had done was influencing the survival of Vollachia.

The resolve of the people of the Empire had had a large impact on the reduced casualties during the evacuation, the advance preparations bearing a large impact on the sturdy defenses of the Fortified City, Kafma’s valiant efforts having a large impact on the high morale and minimal losses of Imperial Soldiers.

Serving as the rear guard to the formation that was gradually falling back towards the Fortified City, he used the power of the “insects” he had taken in to slow the march of the undead, an achievement worthy of being left behind in the annals of history.

However, all of that would be contingent on whether the Vollachian Empire escaped ruin.

Thus, Kafma’s eccentric achievements were also the results of fighting without taking his own survival into consideration.

Kafma: [――Hk.]

As far as the eye could see, the hosts of undead had blanketed the vast plain.

While striking them with thorns, bullets of light, and blades of wind, Kafma gritted his teeth against the appetite of the “insects” that were eating away at him from the inside, stifling his urge to scream.

The Insect Cage Tribe could use the power of the “insects” that coexisted within their bodies, and depending on the type of “insects” that were taken in, they could manifest a wide variety of abilities and combat techniques. But, the relationship between the Insect Cage Tribe and the “insects” was always a symbiotic one.

Neither was it one-sided usage, nor was it assimilation.

Naturally, the “insects” would seek compensation from their host for their work. That would usually be the host’s Mana or lifeforce, but if that was found to be insufficient, it would be their flesh and blood.

Already, more than fifty hours had passed since Kafma had decided to fight with the resolve to die, and during that time, he had quite literally been forced to go without eating or drinking.

Although his consciousness had been sharpened like never before by his awakened fighting spirit, to the “insects” inside his body, the host’s state of mind was irrelevant. They would simply lodge a complaint to the host about the fact that they were hungry, run out of patience if the host refused to lend an ear, and start to devour their flesh.

Kafma: [I’m the one breaking the promise. But still…!]

He could not desert the warfront, nor could he allow himself to fall.

The Empire had many other dependable warriors besides him, but Kafma prided himself on being the bravest when faced with death. He had to prove that his pride was real.

For that reason――,

Kafma: [I, must not――]

Fall here ; it happened at the moment he roused himself with those words, about to step forth with his organs still being devoured.

From behind, a large palm grabbed his shoulder.

And, the one to whom that palm belonged was――,

???: [Fall back, General Second-Class Kafma! You have fulfilled your duty sufficiently!]

The loud voice seemed to be shouting, however, that was just the usual volume for this person.

Being told thus with a voice akin to being struck by a gust of wind, Kafma stared wide-eyed, looking at the giant in golden armor who stood next to him―― Goz Ralfon.

Gripping a mace that only he could handle was Goz, whose arrival at this scene surprised Kafma.

Kafma: [For what reason have you come to the front, General First-Class Goz? A General First-Class should be commanding things from the fortress…]

Goz: [High Countess Dracoy is present there! Even without me shutting myself in the fortress, that woman can handle the troops skillfully! More importantly, I can be of more use to His Excellency on the battlefield!]

Kafma: [――. In that case, I will accompany you.]

His heart, on the verge of cracking with determination and earnestness, sought to reinforce itself with Goz’s appearance. However, Goz interrupted Kafma’s plea with a firm “No”.

Then, as Goz extended his thick fingers and pressed them against Kafma’s chest,

Goz: [The sound of stirring and devouring echoes from within you. It seems you have lost control of the “insects”. If you were to be consumed entirely, it would be a significant loss!]

Kafma: [That may be… But, everything I’ve built up is for this battle!]

Goz: [Kafma Irulux！Death in itself is not atonement!!]

Kafma: [――Hk.]

Getting directly slapped with an angry voice this time, Kafma’s entire body began to tremble.

Just at this moment, even the “insects” that were eagerly devouring Kafma’s body halted their movements, paralyzed by the fierce aura of Goz standing before them.

Looking down at Kafma, Goz, with his scarred, bearded face, expressed his anger.

Goz: [I understand that you still seek to atone for the rebellion orchestrated by your kin, along with that damned Balleroy! But! Atonement may not be achieved through death! You must live!]

Kafma: [General First-Class Goz…]

Goz: [Even after the Great Disaster is subdued, the Empire will not instantly return to normal! Both you and I can become His Excellency’s strength! That is why!]

With a roar filled with loyalty as if about to burst, Goz bashed Kafma’s thoughts.

Realizing that this was not a place to sacrifice his life, Kafma, with his innermost feelings laid bare, tightly closed his eyes and deeply bowed his head before Goz.

Goz: [Well, anyhow, it is not so easy a conflict that you can simply step back and be done with it. Your turn will come again soon! Until then, eat, rest, and regain your strength!]

Kafma: [Under… stood. General First-Class Goz, I entrust this place to you…]

Goz: [No need to say it. ――I too, have pent-up frustrations!]

With a wide grin at Kafma’s strained words, Goz aimed the mace he had shouldered towards the enemy lines.

Handling the excessively heavy weapon that no one but him could with ease, Goz’s entire body overflowed with tremendous fighting spirit, so immense that it had an illusion of visibility.

Once again, feeling the apprehension of the “insects” within his own body, Kafma fell into deep thought.

Chisha Gold, who had demonstrated an unfathomable strategy to take precautions against the ruin of the Empire, and Goz Ralfon, who frightened the “insects” by merely standing there with his tremendous spirit, were both people who had reached the position of the Vollachian Empire’s Generals of the First-Class, all of which were transcendent beings no less competent than another.

Envisioning how he had almost been ranked among them in the past, and how he must be ranked among them in the future――,

Kafma: [――The Empire is strong. We won’t be so easily taken by the undead or disaster.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [It is not a matter of being strong or weak, but it is rather a matter of quantity, and one that is difficult to deal with. Fortunately, the supplies and defenses of the Fortified City are abundant, but… we cannot withstand such a siege for long.]

???: [You speak your mind clearly. Well, I certainly have a better impression of you than those who can’t express their opinions for fear of offending others. If only your cunning could be matched by your military strength, then you would be more to my liking.]

???: [High Countess Dracroy, let us not digress any further.]

Berstetz, chiding her, glared at Serena with thin, thread-like eyes. Serena shrugged her shoulders under that gaze, and Otto, who was being flirted with, let out a small sigh.

The setting was the command room of the great fortress, and those facing each other were responsible for leading the full-scale defensive battle of the city.

From the reports of the lookouts, it was confirmed that the Fortified City of Garkla had entered a state of being ready for combat around the great fortress.

The delaying force that had been holding back the enemy’s advance had also joined the city, and staged within a city that boasted the Vollachian Empire’s strongest defenses, the largest siege in the history of the Empire was about to begin.

???: [That bein’ said, ya typically win a siege by waitin’ for reinforcements, but we can’t be countin’ on that this time, y’know. The only way we can be sayin’ we’ve won is…]

???: [――When Natsuki-kun and His Excellency the Emperor splendidly defeat the enemy’s mastermind. Until then, our role is to struggle to ensure that Vollachia does not fall.]

???: [If Vollachia goes down, then Kararagi ‘n Lugunica are gonna be in hot water too… What the heck, it’s really a battle for the survival of the world, ain’t it.]

Placing her hand on her white cheek, Anastasia broke into a graceful smile as she spoke, and the fox scarf that chimed in with her let out a sigh of exasperation.

Having quite the peculiar form, the fox scarf brought by Anastasia was supposedly a Spirit. They needed as many capable heads as they could get, as this truly was an all-out war.

Serena: [The first question is how long the city’s defenses will hold.. General Second-Class Irulux has been replaced by General First-Class Ralfon. Despite his appearances, he’s a man capable of delicate and skillful work. He should follow the directive of sparing the lives of the zombies as much as possible, but…]

Berstetz: [It is unrealistic to consistently expect non-lethality. This goes not just for General First-Class Goz, but for everyone else. If there is any hope for us to hold onto…]

Anastasia: [I’m guessin’ it’d be Natsuki-kun’s group of friends.]

Otto: [I think so, too.]

Anastasia and Otto exchanged glances, aligning their opinions with each other.

The topic the duo raised concerned the strange defensive force for the Fortified City, in whom they held high expectations, the members of the Pleiades Battalion.

The black-haired boy, who had formed a miraculously friendly relationship with Vincent, led this group. They had significantly aided the refugees with their strong solidarity and mysterious combat abilities.

Currently, the boy in question was headed to the Imperial Capital with Vincent and the others, leaving the group under the leadership of Gustav Morello―― led by the stern member of the Multi-Arm Tribe, the gladiators were fighting exceptionally well.

Echidna: [Their morale is high, and their ability to prevent casualties is impressive. I often think to myself, Natsuki-kun is a genius at bringing what is needed to where it is needed.]

Otto: [Yes, that seems to be his one redeeming quality. Though, I wish he would just make deliveries or bridge political divisions, instead of recklessly running into the most dangerous of situations.]

Anastasia: [But y’know, ain’t that more of a problem on Emilia-san’s part? If Emilia-san starts runnin’ ahead, Natsuki-kun’s gotta run too, ain’t no way around it.]

Anastasia shook her head with a “good grief” gesture, and Otto dropped his shoulders in agreement.

While watching this exchange and the development of relationships would be interesting, spending too much time on it would draw a stern look from the Prime Minister.

Serena cleared her throat, and after capturing everyone’s attention,

Serena: [As per our prior agreement, our combat strategy is strictly to hold a siege, a defensive battle. If defeating one specific opponent could resolve all of this, I’d consider assassination as an option, but…]

Berstetz: [As it stands, let us consider His Excellency and those headed to the Imperial Capital as the arrows of assassination.]

Serena: [That’s how it is. ――It’s an all-out war.]

At Serena’s words, there was a palpable tension in the air, and everyone’s expression became more intense.

The light-hearted banter from just before had ended, and from that point on, it would be a world where they needed to exert their utmost efforts.

The Imperial Generals, the rebel fighters, the gladiators of the Pleiades Battalion, the People of Shudraq, and even the allies of the Kingdom and the emissaries from the City-States, all part of a battle that utilized everything at their disposal.

And, as the first hurdle――,

Serena: [We’ll be counting on you, envoys from the City-States.]

Anastasia: [Sure thing, leave it to us. ――As far as I can remember, he ain’t ever let me down, not even once.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Amidst the warfare waged in the Vollachian Empire, what exactly was the aspect that differed most greatly to that of other countries?

If one were to ignore the resolve harbored by the Imperial Soldiers, or their fiery spirit to contend in battle, the answer to that was plain and simple―― the potential for aerial combat.

The technique of flying dragon taming, which was absent from other nations, and the fact that a large number of flying dragons inhabited the Empire exclusively, were aspects of their superiority that were thoroughly demonstrated in warfare.

It was a fact that went without even needing to be thought, but merely being able to fly through the air was something that proved advantageous in war.

In fact, the Fortress City of Guaral, which was said to boast high defensive capabilities among other cities of similar size, had fallen into a state of utter destruction due to a flock of flying dragons commanded by the Flying Dragon General, Madelyn Eschart.

By merely throwing things down from an unreachable position, a battle would become one-sided.

That remained a threat even for the Fortified City of Garkla, a city surrounded by a towering wall.

However――,

???: [ Fire ――!!!]

Lined up atop the wall, Shudraqian warriors with bows at the ready fired arrows into the air in unison.

The barrage of arrows covered the sky, offering no escape, and directly pierced by those countless attacks was the flock of undead flying dragons that had been ordered to assail the stout city from the skies above, and was soaring through the air as they drew ever closer.

Pierced by the merciless blows, one after another the heads of undead flying dragons shattered before they turned to dust and fell to the ground.

Among them, there were some that continued to fly without paying any mind to the attacks, but――,

Shudraqian: [Take them down !]

Shudraqian: [It’s best if they fall to the ground ~.]

Struck by a blow from an arrow incomparable to a normal arrow in terms of length and thickness, one of them was blown to smithereens in mid-air, and met its end.

In response to aerial combat, the Shudraq boasted unrivaled strength―― the experience of the aforementioned crushing defeat in the Fortress City had a great impact on the fighting style of these women.

Had they not suffered that defeat, the Shudraq would likely have not been fighting the undead flying dragons here.

Giving meaning to each and every one of their battles, the People of Shudraq had fought since the start of the Empire’s upheaval, which had begun with Vincent Vollachia’s ousting.

And,in response to the morale of those women――,

Shudraqian: [Go get them ! Guy with the handsome face !]

Man: [I shall do my best to meet your expectations. ――Al Clauseria.]

Weaving an incantation with a fine tone of voice, the tip of the Knight’s sword traced the sky, and following that trajectory a rainbow light was born, thwarting the path of the undead flying dragons.

Despite the beauty of the rainbow aurora, it became a barrier that rejected anything and everything.

Man: [Wholly different from when they were still buds, these girls have blossomed, and this is their glimmer.]

In the blink of an eye, the skies of the Fortified City were engulfed in an aurora of rainbow―― however, the size and extent of that rainbow were enough to defend around half of the extensive Fortified City.

The Imperial Soldiers fighting on the front lines, as well as those who were also responsible for protecting the city from atop the wall, were left speechless by that extraordinary combat capability, and they could not help but feel a surge of courage from that reliability.

Sensing that swell of morale, the Knight who had birthed the rainbow―― Julius Juukulius, waved the hem of his kimono , and looked up to the sky once again.

With a white scar underneath his left eye, the dauntless young man participated in the battle out of honor, and nevertheless trained his gaze upon what he ought to do without an iota of hesitation. His eyes were fixed upon the sky, upon the vast lands where the undead drew near, believing in the efforts of his friend, who was headed even further beyond――,

Julius: [――I shall carry out my own duties. I hope you also do so to the fullest, Subaru.]

--- Chapter 44: How to Respond to Faith ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

As all the muscles in his body throbbed, his canines were sharpened by a surge of fighting spirit.

The aftershocks from the fighting fissured, upheaved the street, and with his feet firmly plunked down onto it, the vitality flowing in from his soles swelled into his soul; looking straight ahead, at the skies above, he glared at the majestic figure spreading its wings head-on.

The sound of his blood circulating grew faster, the beating of his heart grew louder and more intense, as if it were a large drum invigorating his very existence.

That was to say――,

???: [――’S THE BEST I EVER FUCKIN’ FELT!!]

Gnashing his fangs, Garfiel roared as he smashed through the road with his foot, and advanced forth.

As the sky intercepted him, he saw himself reflected by the glint in the eyes of the dignified figure―― of the white Cloud Dragon; Garfiel’s blood, flesh, and even his very soul, could not bear the applause.

As an arrow of the rebel army, he had traded fists with one strong individual after the other in the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital.

A man close to the Nine Divine Generals, and an individual ranked among the Nine Divine Generals; through battle against those who were undoubtedly strong, Garfiel truly felt the duty levied on him as a member of his faction.

Being able to clash with the extolled Generals of the Vollachian Empire was truly an honor as a warrior.

However, having recognized that as a valuable experience, this was something he had been waiting for.

Garfiel: [Finally got the chance to throw down against a Dragon!]

For a citizen of the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica, for any being who lived in this world, it was known just how mighty, how far beyond the realm of human knowledge the beings known as Dragons were.

Of course, that went for Garfiel as well. He knew that Dragons were not beings that could be measured by the logic of the world of men.

However, at both Pleiades Watchtower and at the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, Emilia had gained the opportunity to clash with a Dragon, and had magnificently survived both of those encounters.

Emilia: [Dragons? Yeah, Volcanica and Mezoreia were both reaaally strong. Their bodies are big, and their breath is also dangerous… They kept on surprising me!]

Such had been Emilia’s remark when talking about the threat of Dragons.

Combined with hand gestures, Emilia spoke of how Dragons were monumental beings, but regardless of the issue of her ability to express things, the full extent of that had not been conveyed.

The difference between that and the words Emilia had left unspoken, was something he was to experience first-hand, here and now――.

Mezoreia: [――PREAHHHHH!!]

Splitting the ground beneath his feet, Garfiel ferociously closed the distance; facing him, the Cloud Dragon gaped its maw.

Garfiel stood at the ready, anticipating that another equivalent to the breath that had scorched the Imperial Capital just prior would be fired again; with aim locked onto him, Mezoreia unleashed the breath in accordance with his premonition.

However――,

Garfiel: [Go, ah!?]

Struck by an impact accompanied by peculiar heat, different to that of scorching heat or extreme cold, Garfiel let out a cry of pain.

It happened right after he had leapt to the side in order to evade the firing trajectory of Mezoreia’s breath. Having escaped to the side of the trajectory, Garfiel was assailed by a second firing of the breath.

Without doing anything to obscure its actions, it was obvious what his opponent was doing.

It was not that it had emitted a single breath to mow down the entirety of this block of the Imperial Capital in one go, rather, it had split it up into short bursts. Instead of letting out one long breath, it had released two breaths in quick succession.

――No, not two. Considering it was splitting up one breath, it could do the same thing for a third and fourth time.

Garfiel: [Tch!!]

His left arm being scorched as it basked in the breath, Garfiel used his momentum from jumping to the side to smash through the wall of a private residence on the side of the road, hiding himself from the Cloud Dragon’s vision.

But, faced with the Cloud Dragon’s breath, even a stone-built structure would not endure. Unlike the pig’s house that would not be blown down by the wolf’s breath, something Subaru had told him about in the past.

Struck with impacts from the succession of breaths, the walls very quickly flayed off the house; as the furniture and belongings were being destroyed, the damage reached Garfiel, who had plunged inside the house―― at least that was what should have happened.

Garfiel: [OOOOOOORAAAHHH!!!]

Then, before the house exposed to the breath could be demolished to rubble, the roaring Garfiel had used both his hands to tear out the house from the very ground, and heartily hurled it through the air.

A house-cannonball that furiously gyrated as it scattered through the street―― oddly enough, Garfiel was making full use of the same tactic that Natsuki Subaru had employed when evacuating the Imperial Capital. With the ball of mass hurled from those hands approaching it, Mezoreia took an especially large breath.

Mezoreia: [You’re in my friggin’ way!]

Roaring with a childish expression that ran contrary to its colossal and dignified appearance, the Cloud Dragon blew the house to smithereens before it could reach its destination.

However, it would be naïve of Mezoreia to think it could catch its breath as a result of that.

Garfiel: [ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORAAHHH!!]

Since it had defended against the first house-cannonball, Garfiel grabbed them up from the systematically laid out townscape of the Imperial Capital one-by-one, and flung them towards the Cloud Dragon in the sky with tremendous strength.

With the combination of Garfiel’s physical strength, and the fact that the ground of the Imperial Capital had softened through repeated impacts, the aberrant balls of mass were fired in quick succession; witnessing this, Mezoreia widened its golden eyes.

Mezoreia: [Youuuu’re aaaaaaaa friiiiiiigginnnnnnnn’ EYESOOOOOOOOORE!!]

As the house-cannonballs flew towards it, Mezoreia flapped its wings and intercepted them.

Its arms, furnished with sharp claws, rampaged in the air, blowing away two houses, and swinging its tail straight upwards from below, it destroyed three buildings altogether in one intense strike.

And then――,

Mezoreia: [――Friggin’ die already.]

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

Using the wreckage of the destroyed houses as a foothold, Garfiel dashed up into the air; seeing through the surprise attack, Mezoreia seized him head-on, and slammed its dragon claws into him from both left and right.

Being pinched in a trajectory akin to striking one’s fists together before their chest, the mid-air Garfiel swung his shield-clad arms in order to parry. Taking the Dragon’s left arm with his right, and the Dragon’s right arm with his left, he received the blows.

An intense impact ran through Garfiel’s entire body, his clenched teeth fissured, and his nose bled.

But, if this were anyone other than Garfiel, they would be smashed into a lump of meat without lasting even a second. Mezoreia’s whiskers also quivered at that outcome, its shock at the existence of a human that was not crushed laid bare.

At that shock of Mezoreia, Garfiel’s cheeks began to contort into a smile,

Garfiel: [How d’ya like――]

That ; before he could display his vigor with those words, his body, still held by the two arms, received a direct blow from the tail that slammed into him from straight above―― Garfiel was blown away with force such that his body left behind all notions of sound, and while altering the structure of the townscape with each impact, he tumbled over and over and over again, until he crashed into the bulwark of the Imperial Capital, and came to a stop.

???: [O-oi!? Oi, brat!?]

Amidst the dense plume of smoke hanging over the scene, the man who had witnessed the marks left on the street of Garfiel bouncing, scraping, and smashing against ground―― Heinkel’s voice quavered.

The man who had been unable to do anything but dumbfoundedly watch as Garfiel and the Cloud Dragon clashed against each other, rushed over to Garfiel’s side, the latter having received a direct blow that seemed to have enough might to turn one-hundred ordinary people into ground meat.

Heinkel: [Dead… Are you dead? You have to be dead! That sort of thing…]

Garfiel: […I ain’t gonna let it, kill me so easily.]

Before the mountain of rubble, a voice reached Heinkel, who had imagined that the fickle life had been lost. In Heinkel’s vision as he was taken aback, the mountain of rubble collapsed, and there was the figure of Garfiel, with both his legs stretched out.

Garfiel turned his back on the ramparts, and languidly hung his head without showing his face. Then, his mouth made a chewing motion, and he spat out his shattered fangs together with blood.

And then――,

Garfiel: [Ahh, shit… They really are fuckin’ outrageous, these Dragon things. Finally get why Emilia-sama spoke about ‘em so softly.]

Shaking his head, he slowly stood up.

Feeling around with his tongue, he found that a tooth which had been split in two was failing to try and replace itself with new growth, so he thrust his finger inside and ripped it out from its roots. Right away, he knew that the tip of a new tooth had turned up below where the removed one was, and he loudly cracked the joints in his neck with a twist.

Heinkel: [Did that, really do nothing to you…?]

Garfiel: [Ain’t no way it did nothing to me. I got hit with a blow from a Dragon… Nah, even got hit with a second and third blow. Seems like it’s a case of “the miraculous survival of Manfroy”.]

Heinkel: [――――]

Garfiel: [But ya know, my amazin’ self can keep going. ――I’m glad that my amazin’ self’s still able to keep going.]

As his entire body grated with appeals of pain both blunt and sharp, Garfiel clenched both his fists, and with shaky breath, he voiced his pride as such.

Even having taken the onslaught of a Dragon that surpassed human knowledge head-on, he stood back up nonetheless.

He was truly glad that he was able to do so.

Heinkel: […What the hell, what the hell is wrong with you!?]

Hearing Garfiel mutter, Heinkel involuntarily cried out.

With Garfiel reflected in his wide-open blue eyes, the man violently and messily scratched at his head with the hand that was empty, and,

Heinkel: [Why the hell did you come back? I don’t understand! It’s a Dragon… It’s a fucking Dragon!? There’s no way you can win. You’re an idiot to come here! And yet!]

Garfiel: [Well that goes for you and me both, Pops.]

Heinkel: [Ah…?]

Garfiel: [I’m sayin’ that if the act of bein’ here, n’ the act of facin’ off against a Dragon’s what an idiot’d do, then doesn’t that go for ya as well, Pops?]

Left speechless by those words, Heinkel stopped the hand that was scratching his head, and gazed in wonder.

His demeanor was entirely as if to say not to lump them together, but if that were truly the case, he was hopeless. That was because, in Heinkel’s hand, opposite to the one that had been scratching his head,

Garfiel: [You’re still holdin’ onto yer sword, ain’t’cha?]

Heinkel: [――――]

Garfiel believed that was proof that Heinkel held a faint wish which he had not thrown away.

Perhaps he had just become unable to open his fingers out of fear. ――No. Try to understand.

Perhaps he had just forgotten about himself, and was just carrying it around. ――No. Try to understand.

Perhaps he had just been about to sheath it and run away at this moment. ――No. Try to understand.

The weak thoughts, the crushed spirit, the reasons for being seized with fear, he would try to understand all of it.

After having thought through absolutely all of it, he continued to try to understand, because he believed that the face of a man was only complete if he grit his teeth through the pain, standing up to fight for the wishes of others.

Garfiel: [Captain and Ottobro’re also the same. That also goes for my amazin’ self.]

Heinkel: [I… I’m…]

Trembling, Heinkel looked down at his hand, still gripping the sword as it trembled. With Heinkel in the side of his vision, Garfiel vigorously slammed his back against the bulwark, and straightened his posture.

Then, to Heinkel, who had not straightened himself,

Garfiel: [Ya asked why my amazin’ self came back, didn’t’cha?]

Heinkel: [――Ah?]

Garfiel’s quiet voice caused Heinkel to widen his eyes.

As Heinkel waited for the words that followed, Garfiel delivered not a continuation of his words, but instead a fist to Heinkel’s chest, sending the latter flying.

Heinkel was thrust away, and the street was upheaved on a massive scale.

The next instant, the breath of the Cloud Dragon was unleashed from the midst of the city’s air, and it rapidly closed in on Garfiel, his back to the ramparts―― leaping up, Garfiel managed to evade it.

Garfiel: [Oh, OHHHHHH…!]

With the wall to his back Garfiel flew directly up, and pursuing him, the heated ray of white breath inclined its trajectory upwards. Scorching the townscape, reducing the bulwark to dust, the breath went higher, higher, and higher as it pursued Garfiel as he escaped into the skies above.

Hot on Garfiel’s toes, before it could burn his body entirely――,

Garfiel: [It’s ’cause Captain told me this.]

As the breath of the Dragon trying to scorch the world grazed the soles of his feet, there was not a hint of irritation that could be heard in his voice. What was present however, was pride in the act of responding to faith.

Curling up in midair, Garfiel planted his feet on part of the wall that still retained its original form. ――Immediately after, he kicked off the wall with strength that caused a crater to fissure within it, and flew forwards.

Forward, forward, forward, towards the Cloud Dragon that soared in the skies of the Imperial Capital, and with his mouth wide open, closing in as the sharp newly grown fang basked in the wind――,

Garfiel: [――He told my amazin’ self this! To go ‘n bring down the loud ass Dragon flyin’ in the sky!!]

Mezoreia: [――PREAHHHH!?]

Having flown above the breath, having approached the Cloud Dragon, Garfiel released both his tensed-up arms and let loose simultaneous blows, the destructive power of a cannonball seizing Mezoreia’s nose.

A sound as loud as a warehouse stuffed with Magic Stones exploding reverberated through the sky; the Cloud Dragon was knocked back having received a direct hit, and the next moment, blood spurted forth.

Through its broken snout the Dragon spilt blood, and having been slammed back into the ground from the recoil of his own fist, Garfiel basked in the greatness of his action. And as he did so, Garfiel laughed.

Garfiel: [Da-ha-ha-ha! I went ‘n gave a Dragon a nosebleed!]

Mezoreia: [You, little!!]

Mezoreia raged at the impossible humiliation, and Garfiel laughed even more upon seeing that state.

Seeing that from afar, having been thrust away and saved from the breath, Heinkel sat with his buttocks on the ground, gazing in dumbfoundment,

Heinkel: […That’s not sane.]

As Heinkel weakly muttered, a battlefield was created by the faceoff between Garfiel and the Dragon―― an event coincidental, in timing and scale both, to the changes in atmosphere yielded in various other places within the Imperial Capital.

As if not paying any mind to that, the fight between tiger and Dragon unfolded, and with that scene before him, Heinkel did not move an inch. [1]

Unable to flee, unable to even stand, he did not move an inch.

――But, upon his sword, his right hand yet remained, its hold unending.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Turning back the clock, to a slight bit before the battle between the Dragon and the tiger was fully assembled.

???: [――――]

The feeling of cold water hitting his cheeks and forehead caused Subaru’s consciousness to become fully alert.

It was neither drowsiness, nor bodily fatigue that he was experiencing. And yet, as if with a click, he felt something within him switch and exhaled deeply.

Before him, on the surface of the water that rippled within the trough, his own shaken and distorted visage could be seen. It was a face with sharp eyes that had retained its youthfulness, or rather that could only be described as childish.

He was already accustomed to seeing it, and he did not want to think that he could let his face remain this way. While thinking so, as he delicately squished his face with his fingers――,

???: [Subaru, are you okay? By any chance, is there something wrong with you?]

Abruptly, as a voice called out to him from beside him, Subaru looked up from the water trough. In front of his raised face, he saw Emilia looking at him with her beautiful amethyst eyes.

As Subaru’s heart fluttered upon unexpectedly seeing Emilia’s face so close to his own,

Subaru: [I-I’m alrighty, Emilia-tan. Just needed to loosen up my cheeks a little. You see, I always want to show Emilia-tan my best smile.]

Emilia: [I’m not picky though, as long as it’s not a forced smile, I’m happy with any kind of smile Subaru shows me…]

Subaru: [Oooh, my heart is pounding… bum bum.]

Said with a finger held to her lips, Emilia’s words that held no hint of pretense left Subaru flustered. As he tried to wipe his face with his sleeve in an attempt to hide his reddened cheeks, a hand towel was offered to him from the side. ――Two hand towels were offered from his left and right, by Beatrice and Tanza.

The two were shocked at the fact that their own action had been performed by the other, and their usually round eyes became even rounder, to then instantly become narrowed upon becoming aware of each other,

Beatrice: [Deergirl, Subaru wants Betty’s towel, in fact. You can take that back, I suppose.]

Tanza: [Schwartz-sama did not say anything of the sort. To speak of your own thoughts as if they were Schwartz-sama’s, are you not going too far?]

Beatrice: [Agrrh, such an infuriating girl, in fact!]

Subaru: [Waitwaitwaitwait, why are you fighting! See, I’m using both! I’m wiping the left and the right sides of my face with the towels from both of you.]

Intervening in the quarrel that had suddenly broken out for some reason, Subaru attempted to diffuse the situation by using both of the hand towels he had received from the pair. However, the two in question simply sighed at his response. He failed to settle the dispute.

At the sight of Subaru who slumped his shoulders, placing her hands on her hips, Emilia said “Seriously”,

Emilia: [Beatrice and Tanza-chan, stop causing trouble for Subaru. As it is, with the hardships he’s continuously facing, Subaru is about to collapse…]

Subaru: [Ooh, Emilia-tan’s thoughtfulness is so touching… that said, I’m not implying that the two of you don’t care about me, okay? In fact, the two of you are always helping me… The more I say it out loud, the more it feels like I’m making excuses, doesn’t it!?]

Beatrice: [Good grief, I suppose.]

Tanza: [As expected of Schwartz-sama.]

Seeing that Subaru was at his wit’s end, Beatrice and Tanza had no choice but to soften their attitudes in response.

Unexpectedly being cast as the villain, Subaru tilted his head in protest, but upon receiving Emilia’s gentle pats on Subaru’s head, he decided to accept his predicament.

Anyhow――,

Subaru: [But, I’m not putting on a brave front, I really am alright, Emilia-tan. I was able to take a proper rest at the fortress before we set off… Besides, if I were to carelessly collapse from a lack of sleep, the entire Pleiades Battalion would also fall apart.]

Held together by strong bonds, the strengths and weaknesses of the Pleiades Battalion were clear.

The united battalion was a group with unstoppable enthusiasm, but what held them together was Subaru’s presence―― it was nothing that could be boasted about, Subaru’s Cor Leonis.

And this effect, it would be cut off if Subaru were to fall asleep or faint, and so from this point onward, he could not allow himself to carelessly doze off.

Subaru: [I know that, so it’s alright. Trust me, Emilia-tan.]

Emilia: [Is that so? In that case, it’s fine, but can you truly promise not to overdo yourself?]

Subaru: [Emilia-tan really doesn’t trust me at all…]

Emilia: [If you’re wondering why that is, try properly asking your own conscience.]

Trust, is the accumulation of past actions. That was the implication of Emilia’s remark, and it left Subaru at a loss for words.

However, it was a fact that Subaru’s body and mind were in such good shape that he himself was surprised. In all likelihood, as the excessive tension seemed to be the reason for his mind being so alert, once the present conflict was solved in its entirety, that debt would gush forth all at once and topple everything.

However, if he could make it through on borrowed energy, he was more than willing to take on the debt that followed.

――Presently, having departed from the Fortified City of Garkla and heading towards the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, the Rescue the Vollachian Empire from Destruction Squad was in the process of exchanging dragon carriages in order to ensure their arrival at their destination.

On the route from Garkla to Lupugana, having stopped at one of the many camps scattered along the route, while Abel and the other strategists were reviewing the war situation, the exhausted ground dragons were being exchanged with those in perfect condition, as a part of the preparations for the decisive battle.

Subaru: [Of course, Patrasche will always be with us, though.]

Reaching out his hand, Subaru touched his beloved jet-black dragon who was harnessed to the dragon carriage―― Patrasche, whose neck he caressed.

Patrasche, upon safely reuniting with him in the Empire, without any consideration of holding back despite Subaru’s shrinking, delivered a powerful blow to him with her tail in retaliation for causing her to worry.

That one blow that had sent him crashing into the wall with a loud thud, it had been reminiscent of the injuries he had sustained while fighting the Guiltilaw during Sparka at the Gladiator Island, making him glad that it had ended with just one.

Since then, after having accepted Subaru’s sincere apology, she had been giving her all to accompany them.

???: [――Heh, this ground dragon young’un, she’s one of y’all’s, ain’t she?]

And then, arriving where Patrasche and Subaru were frolicking was Halibel.

The tall wolfman shinobi , holding his kiseru between his large teeth, while bobbing it up and down with his lips,

Halibel: [She was doin’ a splendid job when I was fightin’ that Dragon zombie , I thought she was real admirable.]

Subaru: [Ohh! Halibel-san also gets it, our Patrasche is amazing!]

Halibel: [Ain’t that the truth. Yer a lucky fella. ――Lil’ Ana ‘n the others, everyone’s worried ’bout’cha.]

Subaru was overjoyed to receive open approval from the strongest and most renowned person from the City-States, Halibel. His eyes opened wide at the words that followed, then he earnestly nodded.

He did not need to be told, but having it mentioned made him think about it again. ――He, was truly blessed.

Those in the Emilia Camp, along with Julius and Anastasia, had not only broken through various unfavorable obstacles to enter the Empire, but they had also gone along with Subaru’s selfish request to see this through to the end.

Just how reliable and reassuring that was, he could not thank them enough.

Subaru: [That’s why, I need to do everything I can to help.]

Emilia: [Subaru? The promise you made to me earlier, do you remember it?]

Subaru: [I remember, I remember, no being reckless! But, if push comes to shove…?]

Emilia: [See, doing that again would be too much to bear.]

With her lips curled into a frown, Emilia pouted at Subaru while he scratched his own cheek.

Chuckling at the sight of that, Halibel seemed to be really enjoying himself. Even though what awaited him might be a battle for the Empire’s―― or perhaps, the world’s very existence, he steeled his resolve.

???: [Halibel-dono, I’m suuure~ you don’t want Subaru-kun to heeear~ that.]

Beatrice: [There he is, in fact.]

???: [Of course, since we’re together, why would I not be heeere~. Though I do wish that the Empire would recognize me as an ally, alreeeady~.]

Shrugging his shoulders in disbelief, Roswaal chuckled at Beatrice’s attitude.

As he appeared at the edge of the camp where the dragon carriage was parked, Emilia tilted her head at him while asking “Are you sure?”.

Since Roswaal was currently more or less in charge of intelligence in the Emilia Camp, he was supposed to be accompanying Abel as he was speaking with the representatives of the encampment.

Emilia: [Even though I do consider Roswaal a proper ally, I wonder if other people like Abel share that sentiment…]

Roswaal: [If that’s the case, then I’m in quite the bind since I don’t seem to belong in the Kingdom nooor~ the Empire. ――Don’t fret, His Excellency Vincent is currently addressing the soldiers in the vicinity, and they’ve entered the phase of boosting their morale.. If anything, I would only be in the waaaay~.]

Emilia: [Yes. That’s good to hear. And don’t worry, Roswaal’s rightful place is at our side. Just so long as Roswaal doesn’t try any tricks.]

With parted lips, Emilia gave an angelic answer to Roswaal’s self-deprecation.

However, Roswaal could only put on a wry smile at those words, not answering whether he would be up to any trouble, which was extremely telling.

Subaru: [But, I’m pissed that things are working out so perfectly for Abel’s triumphant return.]

As he said so, Subaru glanced toward the center of the camp, able to hear the cheers of a multitude of Imperial Soldiers coming from that direction.

Instead of a morale-boosting shout to prepare for battle, the cheers were those of joy, coming from men who were so moved to be addressed directly by the Emperor whom they served.

It was not surprising that Abel’s sour look, which Subaru was not only familiar with but had even grown tired of seeing, was something that most of the citizens of the Empire were not allowed to see up close.

Subaru: [If I were in the same position as those people, knowing nothing but Emilia-tan’s face and name, how would I feel… Oh no, I’m going to cry just thinking about that.]

Emilia: [What’s wrong, Subaru, aren’t you supposed to be my Knight? Get a hold of yourself!]

Subaru: [I know, you’re right! This isn’t a dream after all! Man, that was a close call, all because of Abel.]

With a quiet remark that would have made Abel frown if he could hear it, Subaru welcomed the fact that the Emperor-like idea was having the desired effect in itself.

Then again, in an effort to raise the morale of the Imperial Soldiers, after the war ended, Medium was also being shown off as a potential Empress without any consideration for her feelings, so one could not help but hold off with the praise.

Subaru: [With Spica constantly staying by her side, Medium-san can hopefully get her mind off it all a bit… That bastard, what the hell does he think marriage is?]

Emilia: [That’s right. I think Abel is reaaally smart, but that part of his views isn’t that good, I think.]

Subaru: [He should get kicked off the throne for doing this.]

Subaru and Emilia nodded in unison, agreeing that Abel was hopeless in that regard. At the sight of the two of them, as Halibel chuckled again,

Halibel: [Facin’ off against the Vollachian Emperor, them kids sure don’t know fear.]

Beatrice: [No matter who the opponent is, as long as Betty is with Subaru, there’s no reason for him to be afraid, I suppose.]

Tanza: [Having rejected Yorna-sama, it is a well-known fact that His Excellency the Emperor is heartless.]

Roswaal: [Truly, we wouldn’t want the people of the Empire to hear this conversaaation~.]

Within the camp roused with excitement regarding the Emperor’s triumphant return, where speaking ill of the Emperor would inevitably lead to bloodshed, Roswaal chuckled amidst the sharp comments being made towards Abel. With a wry smile, Roswaal closed one eye and said, “So”,

Roswaal: [Since he hasn’t shown up despite all this talk, Garfiel seems to be quite focused. ――After having been selected by Subaru-kun for a grand task, it seems like he’s sufficiently moootivated~.]

Subaru: [――Right.]

With the yellow eye that remained open, Roswaal turned his gaze toward Subaru, who nodded in response to his words.

Garfiel, who was not participating in the conversation with Subaru and the others at the moment, was currently inside the dragon carriage that was tethered to Patrasche, quietly meditating and sharpening his concentration.

It was evidence that he was doing his utmost to meet Subaru’s expectations with his entire might. ――To meet the expectations of Subaru, who had requested him to match up against the Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia.

Subaru: [It’s got agility, and its destructive power is overwhelming, so I want to do something to contain Mezoreia’s movements. Currently, Garfiel’s the one most suited to being entrusted with that duty.]

Halibel: [Can I ask why that is? Lil’ Ana told me ta follow y’all’s instructions for the time bein’, but… I’m stronger than that tiger cub, y’know?]

In response to Subaru’s judgment, Halibel tilted his head as he puffed out smoke.

If he felt angered by the notion that his abilities were being underestimated, there might have been a need for Subaru to come up with an excuse, but Halibel’s manner of speech remained flat.

He had purely voiced a question regarding their fighting potential, and as Subaru instinctively nodded,

Subaru: [There’s no doubt that Halibel-san’s the strongest among our current members . But, it’s a matter of putting the right person in the right place… or rather, there’s someone else I’d like Halibel-san to subdue.]

Halibel: [Golly, what a frightenin’ story. Puttin’ off a Dragon ta focus somewhere else… are ya sayin’ there’s somethin’ even more troublesome than a Dragon?]

Subaru: [In a sense, yeah.]

Knowing that there was no use in beating around the bush, Subaru clearly affirmed this.

Upon hearing Subaru’s assertion, Halibel momentarily closed his mouth. But, his large mouth, characteristic of wolfpeople, immediately twisted into a smile,

Halibel: [I see, I see. Well then, I gotta get myself pumped up too.]

With that, he accepted Subaru’s instructions, showing a willingness to comply.

Emilia: [Garfiel and Halibel-san… in addition, there’s also places you want the rest of us to go, and things you want us to do.]

Once Subaru and Halibel’s exchange came to a close, Emilia, with a serious expression, looked at Subaru. As she touched the magic crystal at her chest with her fingers, her amethyst eyes pierced through him.

Emilia was not the only one. Beatrice, Tanza, and Roswaal were also looking in his direction.

Subaru: [That’s right. For everyone here… including Abel’s group on the other side, it’ll be an all-out war.]

Beatrice: [――. Fortunately, Subaru has a general idea of the enemy’s whereabouts, in fact.]

Emilia: [Indeed. Um, he also used it at the Pleiades Watchtower, that special power called an Authority.]

Subaru: [Yeah. It’s thanks to that.]

In response to Emilia and Beatrice’s words, Subaru pounded his chest with his fist.

The achievements of Cor Leonis that had been displayed at Pleiades Watchtower―― grasping the whereabouts of separated companions, which had assisted them in dealing with problems inside the Tower, was what Subaru had made Emilia and the others believe in.

The enemies waiting in the Imperial Capital of Lupugana―― in order to oppose those formidable foes, Subaru had made them believe in the “lie” of how he had acquired the knowledge of the best choices regarding where to send each person.

Subaru: [――I will do what I can.]

Emilia, Beatrice, Spica, Tanza, Garfiel, Roswaal, Halibel, Abel, Medium, Jamal, Olbart, he would direct them all.

Making use of every card available in his hand, in order to emerge victorious in this battle for the Imperial Capital――.

Subaru: [Of course, I’m counting on you too, Patrasche.]

Reaching out, Subaru once again stroked Patrasche’s neck, who neighed in response.

As everyone’s spirits were being heightened at that sound of Patrasche’s voice――,

Roswaal: [――Subaru-kun, this is the best course of action, correct?]

Firmly, Roswaal trained his gaze on Subaru’s face.

To Roswaal’s inquiry, Subaru gave a deep nod, and answered.

Subaru: [Yeah, this should be the best. ――I’ve gone and made sure of it.]

This, was merely Natsuki Subaru doing what he was capable of.

Thus, this should not be a breach of his promise with Emilia to “not overdo himself”, so he thought.

Translation Note:

[1] – Fight between tiger and Dragon here (龍虎の相打つ) is a play on the idiom “竜虎相搏つ”. It literally means a battle between a dragon and a tiger, but is used to mean a battle between two equal opponents. The version here swaps out “竜” with “龍” to account for the terminology of Dragons in Re: Zero, the latter being used for the likes of Mezoreia and Volcanica, the former for ground, water, and flying dragons.

--- Chapter 45: How to Fell the Stars ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Thus, time returned to the same time as when a battlefield was formed by the fray between tiger and Dragon once more.

Having stormed the southern gate of the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, the first bastion of the star-shaped fortress, Garfiel clashed against the one who ruled the heavenly skies, the Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia.

In the distance, the oddly thick collection of clouds in the sky was either proof that the Cloud Dragon was rampaging, or perhaps that it was preparing to exhibit its maximum performance.

Either way, the die had been cast, and the battle for it to roll onto the desired side had begun.

Entrusting Garfiel to spearhead the raid, having him suppress Mezoreia at the onset, was because the mobility and aggression of the Cloud Dragon served as the greatest obstacle in the battle to capture the Imperial Capital.

A single blow from the Dragon, capable of fleeing to high altitudes and attacking over extremely long distances by way of its breath, would be impossible to endure for those who did not possess extraordinary fighting strength.

For that to be fired at them recklessly, being unable to do a single thing about it would be the worst possible outcome for the Rescue the Vollachian Empire from Destruction Squad. ――Garfiel had been able to crush that possibility.

However, even if Mezoreia was subdued, by no means would the rest be smooth sailing.

If there was a mistake in their response, there were other “formidable enemies” that could unleash catastrophic damage in a single move.

Therefore――,

???: [ORAHHHHHHH!!]

Twin swords carved out an elegant trajectory, one that ran contrary to that vulgar warcry.

With swordsmanship that covered their front and rear with nimble movement and a dexterous stance, they forcefully parried the tip of the halberd the opponent had thrust forth, and caused the latter’s posture to break.

That instant, a fluttering drawn blade sliced through the wind to fatally sever the opponent’s neck――,

???: [You idiot, don’t kill them!]

???: [Uuoooh!?]

As the interjecting voice tried to restrain them, the sword’s trajectory immediately shifted.

The blade that ought to have beheaded the opponent bisected their left arm from their shoulder instead; having suffered the attack, the enemy swiftly jumped back, and handling their halberd with just their right hand, they attempted to trigger their next attack.

But, that halberd would not reach any of their allies.

???: [――The White Cloud Lord, Gaoran Peyshit.]

Gaoran: [――――]

The quiet, yet clearly audible, voice of a man spoke both the name and alias of the undead.

At that moment, the movement of this large white-bearded undead that ought to have thrust the halberd forward was stopped. Without overlooking that opportunity, a row of three small figures got right up close to the undead.

Then, they locked eyes with the undead as he looked down at them. ――They stared into the eyes detached from those of the living, with the white parts stained black, and golden irises looming within.

And then――,

???: [Gaoran Peyshit!!]

???: [E ea.]

Stripping that off, that of a being who had once been alive, as if to ascertain it as proof of the time they had been alive, the star known as Spica ate the role that exploited them as an undead.

Passing by him with speed that seemed to whittle the street down, behind Spica who had just touched him with her small hand, having had his role eaten, the undead―― no, Gaoran Peyshit’s body was reduced to dust.

Gaoran: [――――]

In the end, thrusting his halberd into the ground as he crumbled, he bowed to the man who had called his name.

Though, it was unclear just what sort of emotions had caused the fading undead to do so.

???: [Atlem Nevi, Diphone Trevola, Gaion Talfou, Lescar Bhrain, Niolf Tradd, Yaren Swoker, Vellum Joytoh――]

The same voice that had called out Gaoran’s name, called out other names one after another.

The speed made it feel like they were just listing every single name that came to mind, but that was not the case. Those were the names of people, each of whom had certainly had their own individual life.

Those were the names of the undead appearing one after the other in order to intercept the Rescue from Destruction Squad moving through the Imperial Capital――.

They, whose state and appearance had completely changed from the time they were alive, the black-haired Emperor―― Vincent Vollachia, would say their names without mistaking even a single person, and light the path for Star Eating to devour.

And what was especially aggravating about that was――,

???: [Isn’t that a little too cool, dammit!]

???: [In that case, Betty can’t let her Subaru lose, I suppose!]

As Subaru’s cheeks contorted upon seeing Abel imposingly fulfill his duty, Beatrice pulled his hand.

In the midst of the Imperial Capital where the undead roamed―― no, in the midst of Lupugana, now transformed into the Undead Capital, she guided Subaru with her appearance unchanged, and love unchanged; waving the hem of her splendid dress, Beatrice truly was reliable.

Pointing the hand opposite to the one firmly fastened to Subaru’s towards the street, she weaved magic with her cute lips and lovely voice towards the deceased individuals blocking the way.

Beatrice: [El Minya!!]

At the same time as the incantation, amethyst crystals were yielded from Beatrice’s palm and glided through the air; dispossessing the undead of their arms, legs, and weapons, it reduced their fighting strength.

Beatrice’s Yin Magic could attack the undead in a unique way, but fully shattering their opponents went against the goal of their strategy.

That was why they had intentionally tuned it down; borrowing the power of his lovely partner, Subaru leaped forth. Then, on the opposite side of the right hand linked to Beatrice―― as he pulled up the left hand linked to Spica with all his might,

Subaru: [Here we go! Atlem Nevi, Diphone Trevola, Gaion Talfou, Lescar Bhrain, Niolf Tradd, Yaren Swoker――]

Spica: [Au! Uu! U~u! Aau! Uau! Uu~uu~!]

The names Abel had called out, accurately listing them in the correct order, while matching them to the faces of each undead who were turning hostility towards them, he made sure Spica reached them without fail.

Spica also understood her own role, and with her outstretched hands as the undead approached, sometimes she touched, sometimes she pierced, sometimes she firmly struck, and sometimes she pushed, but in all cases, she activated the Authority of Star Eating――.

Subaru: [ Last one ! Vellum Joytohhh!!]

Spica: [E ea!]

From the fore came a sword slash aiming to split Subaru’s forehead open, and exchanging glances with the pale, wrinkly face of the undead who had unleashed it―― Vellum Joytoh, Subaru clenched his molars.

Just before it could reach his forehead, the opponent’s blade was stopped by crystallization which extended from their shoulders to their hips, making them unable to move at will.

Grateful to Beatrice for providing covering fire, Subaru urged Spica, and her hand touched Vellum’s chest.

Then slowly, the undead turned to dust with a look of satisfaction on its face.

Subaru: [Buh, hah…]

Ascertaining that they had neutralized all the undead in the surroundings, Vellum included, Subaru took a deep sigh.

This close combat similar to crossing a bridge gave Subaru a vivid reminder of the violent days he had spent on the Gladiator Island. With a deep inhale, Subaru was patted on the back by Spica, who looked at him with an “Aau~?”, and then he exhaled.

Contrary to Spica, Beatrice placed her hands on her hips and glared at Subaru,

Beatrice: [You’re blindly charging in too much, in fact! Betty told you she wants to see you look cool while making great efforts, I suppose. Even if you die in a cool manner, Betty doesn’t want to see it, in fact.]

Subaru: [I know. Just now was a move that presumed Beako would follow up. I’m sorry I did such a thing.]

Beatrice: […If you understand, that’s fine, I suppose.]

As Subaru apologized upfront, Beatrice, who was in scolding mode, pouted her lips.

Though they could not hold a long evaluation meeting on the battlefield, her expression was nevertheless that of disappointment. However, it was not as though he had half-mindedly let it in one ear and out the other. Beatrice’s scolding was advice he ought to firmly take.

Even now, he had been just about to have his forehead split open and die. Had I taken just one step further , the thought made him shudder. ――Such a death would have been useless.

Vincent: [You nearly died by rushing out as soon as the battle had commenced. Do not act rashly.]

Subaru: [You…]

Scolded by Beatrice, and appreciated by Spica, Subaru grimaced as he turned around at that statement bereft of any consideration. Standing there with arms folded, Abel did not even pretend to help Subaru and the other two with their intense fight.

Subaru was rather impressed to see the refreshing sight of the Emperor relying on others.

Subaru: [All sorts of things have happened up until now, but I’ve never thought of you as Emperor-like as I do now.]

Vincent: [We have just settled a bit of work. For the sake of the two by your side, I shall overlook that comment.]

Subaru: [You know, it’s best if you properly understand that from an outsider’s point of view, you look like the horrible nobility role that merely folds their arms and watches as children go to battle.]

An Emperor spectating a battle between children and undead was a sight akin to the unsightly amusement of a post-apocalyptic world after a zombie pandemic. There were limits to how bad one’s reputation could get.

But, considering Abel’s position, role, and fighting strength, as someone traveling alongside him, Subaru had to be grateful that he did not imprudently go to the front lines, so this was quite the dilemma.

And, thereupon――,

???: [Tch, we dealt with the lookout right after entering the Imperial Capital, but… with this method, there’s no way around it taking a while.]

Speaking thus, it was Jamal who provokingly spat onto the ground.

Having taken on many undead, he had contributed greatly to the triumphs at the outbreak of the battle; holding onto his twin swords, he adjusted his eyepatch while surveying the surroundings.

Jamal: [Even though this’d be much faster if we just cut down every undead that appeared. Why ain’t we doing that?]

Beatrice: […A man who obstinately refuses to listen, in fact. If we did that, we wouldn’t be able to use Spica’s Authority to give the undead “ Joubutsu ”.] [1]

Jamal: [Ahh? The fuck’s joubutsu ?]

Beatrice: [It’s the way of making sure the undead don’t keep getting back up after being defeated repeatedly, in fact! This has supposedly  been explained to you so many times by now, I suppose!]

Beatrice stomped her short legs on the ground in frustration, and Jamal made a confused face at her appeal. That reaction only made Beatrice’s face get even redder, but unfortunately, it was not worth the effort as Jamal’s head rejected any slightly complicated reasoning, no matter how many times it was explained to him.

For that reason――,

Vincent: [Jamal Aurélie, obey these individuals. That is the best course of action, for I have judged it myself.]

Jamal: [If Your Excellency says so, I’ll do whatever you want!]

Beatrice: [Grrrr, in fact…!]

In the end, Abel had butted in, presenting a tasty treat, and Jamal responded with money at the ready; seeing that, Beatrice ground her teeth in frustration. How cute.

As that exchange had put Subaru at ease a little, Spica stopped patting his back, and gazed at him.

Spica: [Uau?]

Subaru: [Ah, I’m fine. How about you, Spica, is there anywhere that feels weird or anything?]

Spica: [Uu! Aauu!]

Upon that inquiry, Spica made a face that conveyed her crisp feelings, and in order to give Subaru peace of mind, she puffed out her chest with an appeal of how well she was doing. Since it seemed like there was no lie in her appearance, Subaru tightened his fist at the fact that Star Eating was not causing any harm to Spica, and at the fact that their operation was progressing.

Seeing Subaru’s side profile, Abel narrowed his sable eyes, and,

Vincent: [Though resentful, it seems your judgment was right on the mark.]

Subaru: [I don’t get why that would make you resentful, but about what exactly?]

Vincent: [Need I even say? ――The main force of the enemy’s army is headed for the Fortified City, where the majority of our military assets remain. What lingers in the Imperial Capital is a portion of the undead, and soldiers unfit for war.]

Subaru: […Right. They left behind the guys who can’t act cooperatively. I hate how each and every one of them is strong, but that poor Imperial Way thing is advantageous for us.]

Surveying the state of the Imperial Capital, Abel made such a judgment, and Subaru nodded in agreement.

As Abel had said, the main forces of the undead were laying siege to the Fortified City of Garkla as a large army. Those who had stayed behind were confined to the strong city fort, and were drawing the attention of the opponent―― if they put in as much effort as they could, there was hope that the numerical disadvantage at the Imperial Capital would be mitigated.

The nature of this strategy was a blitzkrieg to defeat the ringleader in the Imperial Capital while the enemy was distracted by the Fortified City.

However, if the enemies at the Fortified City had an emphasis on “quantity”, then the emphasis in the Imperial Capital was that of “quality”.

Starting with the Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia, which covered the skies of the Imperial Capital, the rest of the fighters left behind for the city’s defense were each a match for a thousand, all of them transcendent beings possessing stupendous power.

That was precisely why――,

Subaru: [――By attacking each bastion at the same time, we have a second-stage diversion.]

As Subaru spoke those words, Abel, Beatrice, and Spica tightened their expressions.

Currently, Subaru and his group were in the northwest of the Imperial Capital―― in the vicinity of the fifth bastion. He had heard that it was through Garfiel’s achievements in the battle for the Imperial Capital that the star-shaped wall had been greatly destroyed here.

He could not fathom just how reliable Garfiel had become in such a short period of time, but entering through the gigantic landmark he had made was the combination of Subaru & Beatrice with Spica, along with the rugged lord and retainer duo of Abel and Jamal―― generally, it appeared as if their division was unreliable in terms of fighting strength, but this was actually the best possible configuration.

With anything other than this combination, the operation of the Rescue from Destruction Squad would certainly fail.

However, even if they went with this formation, it amounted to nothing more than them simply standing at the starting line.

Subaru: [We’re the arrow of the main objective, and there’s no doubt that our target is that massive Crystal Palace. Even if someone other than us were to quarrel with Sphinx, she could just run away, so there’d be no point.]

Spending many long months and years, this was a being who had rampaged both the Kingdom and the Empire. If they failed to catch the one behind the Great Disaster, Sphinx, what kind of disaster she would plan next was not something they knew.

In order to defeat Sphinx, who had turned into an undead, Spica’s Star Eating was the only method.

But――,

Jamal: [Then, before more needless nuisances get in our way, let’s make a mad dash for the Crystal Palace and fucking kill the boss of the enemy. Then with His Excellency’s declaration, we’ll have retaken the Imperial Capital!]

Spica: [Uu~ uu~!!]

Subaru: [While that would be ideal, it’s not that simple.]

Jamal: [Ahhn?] Spica: [Aauu?]

Pointing his sword to the Crystal Palace, considered to be the base of the enemy, Jamal’s enthusiasm earned Spica’s agreement. Having their vigor discouraged, they turned to the one who had discouraged them, Subaru.

However, Subaru slowly shook his head sideways,

Subaru: [There’s not a chance we can head straight for the Crystal Palace. We actually shouldn’t even heedlessly get close to it.]

Jamal: [Bastard, don’t tell me you’re chickening out…]

Beatrice: [There is also no chance that weak-heartedness is his reason, I suppose. What awaits there, in fact?]

Subaru: [――A curse. Because of that, merely approaching the Palace will make us unable to move.]

Interrupting Jamal as he ground his teeth in anger, Beatrice looked at Subaru and received that response. He firmly placed his hand on his chest, as if he was remembering an unavoidable, unbearable pain.

As long as that obstruction remained, they could not approach the Palace. ――If anything, nobody in this Imperial Capital would be able to operate in a proper manner.

Jamal: [Why do you say so much about something you haven’t even done yourself? Ahh?]

Of course, there were also some who could not swallow Subaru’s explanations so easily.

Jamal was at the top of that list. Different from Emilia and Beatrice, there was no such trust between them so that he could believe Subaru without asking anything like where Subaru’s ideas came from.

And, the same thing could be said about Abel.

Between Subaru and Abel, too, there was no trust similar to that which he had with Emilia and the others.

Therefore, Abel would――,

Vincent: [Within this conduct, which seems reckless and roundabout at first glance, your intentions are present.]

Jamal: [Your Excellency!?]

Vincent: [Restrain yourself, Jamal Aurélie. There shall not be a third time. Obey these individuals―― this individual.]

Emperor Vincent Vollachia did not have trust in Subaru, but he had judged Subaru’s actions and intentions by his own ingenuity.

At the repeated order from the Emperor, Jamal widened his single eye and fell silent, then he struck the hilts of his twin swords into his forehead. Striking, striking, striking so much that blood spilled from his forehead,

Jamal: [――Understood. I will absolutely not cause you to say it a third time.]

With all hesitation having vanished from his face, he gave a deep bow.

At Jamal’s answer, Vincent nodded, and as Beatrice’s eyes became angered,

Beatrice: [Why would you injure yourself, I suppose!? It needs to be healed right away, in fact!]

Jamal: [Ahh!? Shit, don’t do anything unnecessary pipsqueak! This is part of my oath…]

Beatrice: [Even though you only have a single eye, what would you do if blood got into that eye, I suppose!? There’s nothing but people who don’t think about the consequences of their actions, so it’s tough on Betty, in fact!]

As they loudly argued, Beatrice quickly healed the wound on Jamal’s forehead.

To the side of that exchange, Abel glanced at Subaru once again with a “Well then”,

Vincent: [If we cannot enter the Palace like this, are we to silently wait for the others to deal with their matters, and create a path for us? That is not what you have in mind, is it?]

Subaru: [You’re speaking like you’re asking me to show you what I’ve got… There’s an important purpose in our fighting as well.]

Responding to the inquisitive gaze, Subaru placed his hand on the head of Spica at his side. As Spica, the keystone of the strategy, stared at him with an “Uu?”, and Subaru gave her a nod.

To thoughtlessly charge into the Crystal Palace was suicide, but having said that, there was no way for Subaru to work against the “curse”. Currently, nobody could get inside the Palace.

Even so, if they wanted to square off against Sphinx, who was inside the Palace, there was only one thing they could do.

Subaru: [And therefore――]

Indeed, as Subaru was about to speak, a sound of destruction suddenly jolted everyone’s eardrums.

Several buildings collapsed, and as smoke and rubble were scattered about, the structure of the street was being altered. As Subaru’s group all quickly turned to where the sound had come from, Beatrice and Jamal, who had been quarreling, stood to protect Subaru and Abel as they could not fight, and scowled at the eruption of smoke.

Then, at the tip of all their vigilant gazes, appearing from behind the smoke was――,

Jamal: […As expected, being His Excellency’s guard ain’t gonna be easy.]

Seeing the being that had emerged from within the smoke, Jamal’s cheeks contorted as he spilled out that comment.

Subaru and the rest held no objection to Jamal’s words. After all, his feelings were more or less the same as what everyone else was also feeling.

???: [――O̴͍͖̼͌̈̈́͝o̴̘̫͑̄̍̂͜ǒ̴̲͚̼ơ̷͔̰̆̅͠.]

As a sound akin to wind escaping from a deep, eerie cavern was produced, a grotesque figure dragged its body along as it proceeded through the Imperial Capital. It might have originally had the form of a person, but both the number and form of its limbs were far removed from its original state; it was a figure akin to how a young child would paint by freely moving the brush as they pleased to depict their parent for the very first time, an embodiment of innocence and chaos.

It swung its oddly long right arm, branching at its joints, like a beast’s tail, and it used its large but short left arm to grip the ground and drag its torso forward. On the contrary, it seemed to have four meager legs, but they did not function well, so it languidly continued by dragging itself with its arms.

The thickness of the grotesque being’s body completely varied at the chest, abdomen, and shoulders, but only the part which seemed to be the head had a single, large golden eye in its center――.

Beatrice: [――Subaru.]

Subaru: [Yeah, I know.]

His name having been called out by Beatrice, Subaru nodded to signal she need not speak any further.

The strange, grotesque being, this was not the first time Subaru and his friends had encountered it. A reunion with that which he had thought had surely been finished off with the dust explosion――,

???: [――Ő̸̧̞͚̊̑͛̚Ó̷͓̩̜̌́Ô̶̢̟̺̖̼̑̉͐O̵̝̗̯̎̏!!]

Without even the time to wipe his cold sweat as that fact was fully conveyed to him, the defective undead opened its mouth which seemed to have been torn open, and gave a loud, loud bellow.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Then, at the same time Subaru and Abel’s team squared off against a grotesque being.

Shortly after the battle for the Imperial Capital, the Imperial Capital of Lupugana was transformed into a battlefield once more.

For the battle concerning the Empire, while the ones casting their moves upon the board may have changed, the essence of the conflict remained ever the same. To take the head of the one who ruled over the beautiful palace towering in the innermost core of the Imperial Capital, the Crystal Palace, was the aim of this decisive battle.

That was not just in the case of the victory condition; even the way the battle must progress remained the same―― that was to say, the star-shaped fortress that enclosed the Imperial Capital, fighting for control of its five bastions, would determine victory and defeat.

Ergo――,

???: [I ain’t done yet! “No winning chance in hell Ifluse”’s only just gettin’ started, ya nosebleedin’ Dragon!]

Neglecting the pain with his fighting spirit and morale, trying to respond to an unyielding faith, the boy set his very body and soul alight and challenged a legend.

???: [Bear witness, Observers of the heavens above. ――Witness the choices the world shall make.]

Reciting a verse while putting on airs, guising himself with a smile, as he danced on the boundary of what was both characteristic and uncharacteristic of himself, the lightning of childish form cut towards a swelling second sun,  the personification of refusing to give up accompanying him.

???: [――At last. At long last, I was able to meet you again.]

With a voice unable to conceal her delight, the kimono -clad girl with antlers on her head, accompanied by snow, arrived at the predicament of the treasured person whom she had eagerly awaited a reunion with.

???: [Jeez, I won’t let you go off wherever you please anymore. Come and talk to me properly, Ballebro.]

Straining the expression that was typically as bright as the sun, the girl who had settled her resolve for this cruel reunion, receiving help from a magician, locked eyes with the dragon rider soaring across the heavenly skies.

And then――,

???: [Golly, guess there really are some casters with darn nasty personalities. ――There ain’t an ounce of love in this.]

Clad in a black kimono and black fur, the repulsive beast, presented with a curse far more repulsive than his own existence, laid bare irises of golden hue that had previously been concealed by the thread-like thinness at which he usually kept the opening of his eyes.

And thus, on the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, on the siege of the five bastions, on the battle to fell the very stars, the curtain now truly rose.

Translation Note:

[1] – Joubutsu (ジョーブツ) is a word from Japan that Beatrice is using. This is conveyed by using the katakana form instead of the kanji form (成仏). The word itself generally means things like dying peacefully, leaving one’s regrets and adhesion to the world behind, going to heaven, and it also has applications in Buddhism.

--- Chapter 46: The Taste of Wind ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

——Projected within a shimmering blue jewel, was a scene of glimmering flames reminiscent of the end of the world.

Locked and confined in a dungeon, before the eyes of the hanging Priscilla, being projected by the deathly pale-skinned Sphinx, was the fierce battle unfolding in one of the vertices of the Imperial Capital.

In one corner, one who had taken in the very core of the Empire for oneself, in the other, those fighting against a formidable foe and standing their ground; the reality of these two extraordinary circumstances coming together was already for the verses of legends.

As such, the many songs and stories that had been passed down from long ago were themselves thought to have been born in this way.

???: [——However, that is only if there remains someone to pass along what they saw and heard.]

???: [Do not force your desires on others, much less upon mineself. When boorishness reaches its zenith, even getting angry is irksome.]

While witnessing the same scene within the jewel, such was Priscilla’s response to her words spoken by her addressee, spoken with scarce enthusiasm.

Scarce. Indeed, it was a voice scarce in passion. Not completely deprived of passion, just scarce in it. Feeling so, with her shapely eyebrows drawn into a frown, Priscilla observed the person beyond the jewel.

The undead confronting her—— Sphinx, who had introduced herself as the ringleader of the Great Disaster, had expressly come down to meet Priscilla, as if to flaunt the tragic situation in which Arakiya, with whom Priscilla held deep ties, was presently in.

What exactly Sphinx had imparted to Arakiya during her captivity and isolation, Priscilla did not know. But the result was reflected in the jewel, and the purpose of doing so was before her eyes.

Arakiya was on the verge of exploding while attempting to take upon herself an existence far too great for her, with Sphinx observing Priscilla while the latter witnessed Arakiya’s suffering.

By those golden pupils the black was vanquished, as they hinted at a curiosity that failed to be fully concealed, as well as a tinge of expectation.

Sphinx had an expectation. ——That Arakiya’s suffering would cause Priscilla’s heart to waver.

Without a doubt——,

Priscilla: [——You are obsessed with mineself.]

Locking eyes with Priscilla who had spun it in that manner, Sphinx parted her lips without saying a word.

It was a confirmation, an expression of delight. Thus, that the very impetus behind the Great Disaster, Sphinx, held an obsession towards Priscilla, was unquestionable.

Although how that had originated was still unclear, any deed motivated by obsession was something to be despised.

Sphinx: [To have something previously bestowed, forcibly taken away. It is an extremely heart-rending feeling, such is my learning from observation. How will it affect you? Confirmation: Required.]

Priscilla: [Your wishes are being fulfilled. Are you in high spirits?]

Sphinx: [It is true. I affirm it. As you said, I feel a sense of elation. I used to take for granted that everything would proceed according to the plans made in advance, but… my past self should have understood this sense of accomplishment. In that case, the outcome of the Demi-Human War would have been different.]

Priscilla: [————]

Sphinx: [——But, that would mean that I could neither give, nor could I earn anything.]

Taking a glance at Priscilla, Sphinx, who had been speaking with great eloquence, placed a hand over her own chest, and cast her gaze downward as if reflecting upon something.

There, noticing an emotion that was different from both joy and wrath directed towards her, Priscilla understood.

It was a figure that invoked a sense of mournful sorrow. ——And, it was also what drove Sphinx to instigate the Great Disaster.

Priscilla: [————]

Setting aside her thoughts about Sphinx’s motivations, Priscilla once again directed her attention to the scene projected in the jewel.

Regardless, the battle that unfolded on the battlefield was one that could completely change the very state of the world, a clash between what could be said to be the embodiment of the Empire itself, against ineluctable lightning.

However, in the midst of it all, Priscilla had not failed to notice the weakness, which seemed to vanish into thin air.

Priscilla: [Weak, fragile, timid, born with nothing and resisting the notion of becoming anything; can one such as that leave traces in the verses of myths?]

Sphinx: [What do——]

Priscilla, who averted her gaze, prompted Sphinx’s consciousness to wonder what she saw in the jewel. However, she did not try to ascertain the true nature of what caught Priscilla’s attention.

The reason was that earlier, tremors that could reach even the underground dungeons had erupted in various parts of the Imperial Capital.

Priscilla: [I presume that must be my elder brother.]

Sphinx: [Emperor Vincent Vollachia?]

Puzzled by the situation, Sphinx furrowed her slender eyebrows at Priscilla’s murmur.

For her, the probability of that was not particularly high. Priscilla in the underground dungeon had no way of knowing what the total number of forces Sphinx had at her disposal was.

The Emperor, who had once abandoned the Imperial Capital, had found a way to break through the hordes of the undead.

Sphinx: [The swordsman who ended my life is in the midst of a one-on-one battle with General First-Class Arakiya… Even if the Emperor of Vollachia is a wise man, there are situations where one cannot overturn a hopeless board. ——No.]

With a finger running along her lips, Sphinx tried to dispel worrisome possibilities. However, in the midst of that contemplation, she narrowed her black eyes.

And——,

Sphinx: [——The foreign entity that prevented Valga’s stratagem, was involved?]

Priscilla: [Ho, did something come to your mind?]

Suddenly, as if realizing something, Sphinx blurted that out.

Putting her thoughts into words, she then immediately denied them by shaking her head. At that time, Priscilla deliberately interjected.

The moment Sphinx glanced over, Priscilla, smiling enchantingly,

Priscilla: [Hastening when it does not stand to reason? If that is the case, then mineself shall give you “ advyce ”. ――Call it intuition, what you have taken a hold of.]

Sphinx: [Intuition…]

Priscilla: [Think of it as the taste of the wind sensed by your heart. It may be ironic for the dead.]

Sphinx fell silent, pondering Priscilla’s word that came with a seeming snort.

Neither dismissing with laughter nor dismissively rejecting was in line with her innate habit—— calling it innate was also ironic, but Sphinx continued to contemplate regardless of the concept of life and death.

Eventually, she slowly looked up——,

Sphinx: [Let us acknowledge it. There is a foreign entity that could disrupt my plan. ——Adjustment: Required.]

With Sphinx, standing in front of her, admitting her own change, Priscilla also gazed upward.

What was visible, was the dimly-lit dark ceiling of the underground dungeon, faintly illuminated by the light of the jewel, yet unable to conceal the weight of history.

However, it only served as evidence of the narrowness of the view.

Priscilla did not look up at the sky to inspect the dirty ceiling.

For her heart would not miss the opportunity to sense the taste of the wind.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Having begun unexpectedly, and concluded pragmatically, the battle started anew sacrilegiously.

As innumerable swordsmen of the same face assailed her from all directions, Iris, after a moment of shock, shattered them head-on.

Iris: [Strange, yet it is nothing more than a paper tiger.]

As the dress-clad Iris swung her arms, the approaching blue-haired swordsmen―― the group of Rowan Segmunts had their heads, torsos, hips, and legs mowed down, being blown away like leaves off a tree.

But, there was also a Rowan who had slipped past her initial attack, and made it to a distance at which his blade could reach her. As he threw himself at her with all his might, Iris easily intercepted the attack with two fingers, inclined her body to evade the sword, and swung down her upraised legs to shatter what remained of him.

It was quite literally a total beatdown, for even if he had amassed more numbers, he was not worthy as an opponent.

That was the difference in strength between Iris, and the undead-turned Rowan.

Only――,

Rowan: [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Next.] / [Kahaha.]

Iris: [――――]

As the opponent who had been kicked senselessly sprang up one after the other, her thoughts froze.

Raising smiles of satisfaction as if to say they had placed their hands upon their desire, the men closing in―― no, the group made up entirely of the same Rowan, turned their blades toward Iris.

Reflexively fighting back against the sword slashes gone berserk, while countering their entirety―― what flashed through Iris’s mind, was the guilt for having erred.

By causing surrender through brute force, and chasing people away without taking lives, she had tried to decrease the number of casualties, even if only by a few.

Iris had ignored the fact that her arrogant ideals had crushed the hearts of those who were dyed in the Imperial Way, likely causing them to suffer.

As a result, as a victim, Rowan’s state had become like this before her eyes.

Iris: [I am…]

Evading the swung blades, she struck her kiseru into several of the approaching faces. Kicking one of them upwards with the inside of her long leg, she grabbed the leg of the airborne body, and vigorously slammed it towards the Rowans in the surroundings, blowing away another ten of them that were approaching.

However, no matter how much she struck and whittled them down, she did not know if the momentum of the reviving Rowans could be halted.

Iris: [I am…!]

Having been on the receiving end of Iris’s attack, the body of the undead Rowan shattered, unable to endure.

Rowan was shattered to pieces like a ceramic bowl, however the next Rowan trampled over him with his zori without paying any mind, and was also shattered upon jumping in.

Repeating that so many times, it was the same as being placed in the position of an executioner with no end in sight.

Due to their own nature, there were some who thought nothing of destroying things that took humanoid form.

However, in most cases, the act of destroying the human form, the receptacle of life, was something that took great resolve and determination, or perhaps accustomation or resignation, in order to be possible.

Iris could be said to be the latter case, in extreme form.

Even now, she could not kill a being without feeling any anguish in her heart, even supposing it was an opponent displaying hostility towards her.

For that reason, Iris had manifested the Soul Marriage Technique, a power that could not be mastered without compassion for others.

That was what had propelled Iris to the apex of strength known as the Nine Divine Generals, though its origins lay in the malicious miracle that fettered her soul to the vast lands of the Empire.

Either way, even in the case of aberrant existences like that of Rowan Segmunt, even in the case of beings that would unceasingly manifest regardless of how many times they were shattered, each time Iris did, her heart would grate.

Tormented by unbearable pain, as it intensely gnawed at her heart, Iris was laid bare.

Each time she plucked a life, each time she destroyed something with form, each time she made the world lose the way it currently was, lose something from how it was, Iris’s soul would fissure, she was laid bare.

Iris: [ I am―― hk.] [1]

And thus, the final destination of her fissured soul.

For Iris, who had unwillingly continued to live on for a long, long time; for Sandra Benedict, who had tragically lost her life giving birth to Prisca; for Yorna Mishigure, who had been shaken by a beloved reunion after hundreds of years, this was an unknown state of mind――,

Iris: [――Ah.]

A hoarse breath spilled from her red lips, and the next moment, blood sprayed.

As some of the splatter landed upon the cheek of the blade’s wielder, he stretched out his tongue and licked up the blood.

A smile escaped. ――The wicked smile of the swordsman, escaped.

Rowan: [――The steps of the Heavenly Sword, the tips of my toes are thus placed upon them.]

△▼△▼△▼△

A stretched-out arm slipped through, and the naked blade brushed the bare shoulder of the woman.

A beat later, a spray of blood dyed the gray street a vibrant hue, and the finest swordsmanship of Rowan’s life ―― no, now that he was an undead, he was no longer alive, so the finest swordsmanship of Rowan’s existence was renewed.

Rowan: [Not there yet, I’m still just getting started.]

However, as his heart had ceased to pulsate, that insatiable desire spurred his whole body forth in place of flowing blood, and the being known as Rowan evolved at an accelerated pace.

The beautiful foxperson he faced off against was dreadfully powerful. An unbelievably formidable enemy. The difference in strength that made it impossible for him to do battle with her, easily smashed through the piling-up Rowans.

By all rights, Rowan’s attempt to challenge her should have ended back when he had been defeated. However, these strange circumstances threatening the Imperial Capital, the Empire, and the very world, had not put an end to Rowan.

Fastening a blade to his own neck, he gave up on his futile, worthless life.

Believing that there was a territory only reachable by casting away his life, he exerted his blade, knowing that he would rot away and fade to obscurity if he could not reach it, and once he did, Rowan’s vision opened up in the truest sense.

Rowan: [Ahh, ahhh, AHHHH! What a plain world I’ve been seeing until now.]

With his widened vision, the domain that Rowan had reached during his lifetime with bloodshot eyes was easily surpassed.

Life truly was useless. Life was not a good thing. Due to it being the first thing one would be granted upon being born, even recluses like Rowan harbored an unwise attachment to it.

Only when he cast all of that away, did Rowan obtain the freedom to head for the Heavenly Sword.

Without a doubt, this lack of attachment was the precise qualification to ascend the steps to reach the Heavenly Sword.

Rowan: [Well now, take a gander, foolish son of mine. This’d be impossible for ya.]

This was a state that those who had lost their lives could finally reach.

That was to say, it was scenery that even Cecilus Segmunt, unable to conquer death, would never lay his eyes upon.

To think it could only be reached through dying, what a sadistic place for the Sword God to have placed the Heavenly Sword.

He had won his gamble. ――Hence, he would receive his inflated winnings.

Rowan: [HahahahaHAhaHAHAhaHAHAHAHA!]

As Rowan roared with laughter, his swordsmanship began to reach heights that had once been so distant.

No matter how much the approaching Rowan swung his sword, he was felled time after time by the opposing Iris. Unable to reach her as she kicked the ground, he had become unable to stand up just from a blow by her slender arm.

Such an overwhelming disparity, began to be closed at an unbelievable pace.

――Here, the misfortune of the man known as Rowan Segmunt shall be narrated once more.

Rowan Segmunt held a long-cherished desire. Something he kept pursuing. A prayer he continued to long for.

However, he had never come across an opportunity to fulfill it; he had never come across a worthy opponent.

That had been the tragedy of Rowan Segmunt, a man who had been plagued by misfortune until his life came to an end.

――Here, the miracle of the man known as Rowan Segmunt shall be narrated.

Rowan Segmunt held a long-cherished desire. Something he kept pursuing. A prayer he continued to long for.

And, he had finally come across an opportunity necessary to fulfill it; he had finally come across a worthy opponent.

Without having lost his deluded obsession towards the Heavenly Sword even after death, Rowan Segmunt was reborn as an undead; no matter how many times he was shattered or not, he produced beings that shared the same soul one after the other, transforming him into a monster incomparable to the man he was during his lifetime.

There were cases of people facing off against a formidable opponent, bearing witness to abilities far and above those of their own, who would utilize the battle on which their life was staked as a source of nourishment, experiencing rapid growth.

Rowan was trying to invoke that same phenomenon as a miracle within himself.

Facing off against the formidable enemy Iris, bearing witness to abilities far and above those of his own multiple times, and using the battle as a source of nourishment as he quite literally was shattered over and over; that was his current environment.

If Natsuki Subaru were here, he would likely even dub that act of learning through death as “Learn by Death”.

The undead’s unusual obsession, combined with his desire to learn, resulted in Rowan’s sword being honed.

Having left behind the sword of his lifetime, the undead sword technique designed for killing―― the work of the Undead Swordmaster, Rowan Segmunt, was hot on the heels of Iris’s life.

Iris: [Uh, ah…]

Besieged from every conceivable direction, Iris could not deal with all the inbound sword attacks; her arms and sides were sliced by the blades, and she gave a slight groan as her blood spilled.

Hearing that frail breath, Rowan shook his head in disgust.

He did not want to hear it. He did not want to hear it. He did not want to hear the weakness of the strong.

Rowan was grateful to Iris. It was thanks to her that he had become strong. Dying itself was nothing more than an impetus. It was something that had been necessary for him, who was to eventually reach the Heavenly Sword. There was absolutely no need for Iris to worry over that.

After all, he did not want to hear it; after all, it was grating on his ears; after all, even though the one who was inferior was surpassing the one who was superior, what he wanted to hear was not weeping, but cheers.

Therefore――,

Rowan: [Don’t be crying now, young lady. You’re making a mess of yer lovely visage.]

Iris promptly hoisted her kiseru to block the sword being swung down from overhead, and with her opposite hand, she bore a hole right through the center of Rowan’s torso.

That was the end of this Rowan. But, it mattered not. Another Rowan subsequently leaped out, and approached Iris as her hand was still stuck in the pierced Rowan until he fully crumbled.

Her leg sprang up and smashed that Rowan. She thus had one arm and one leg occupied. Then, as a Rowan thrust his sword from behind her, she quickly slammed her tail into him, but blood spurted from the base of her tail. The slashing attack had connected. Iris’s expression contorted in pain. Not good. This was truly not good.

Rowan: [Won’t’cha also die and resurrect, to keep me company forever?]

That would truly be an exhilarating future, however it was likely a future that would not come to pass.

Iris: [――――]

Rowan’s gaze collided into Iris as he stepped forward, but her eyes were turned to another place, irrelevant to the life or death before her.

Her perspective was not that of the victory or defeat, the life or death in front of her, but something different, as if she were looking at the past, so to speak.

To those who looked not towards the future, but towards the past, glory would not come.

That alone, from the very bottom of his empty, hollowed heart, Rowan regretted――,

Rowan: [――Your life, is mine.]

A silver flash was sprung at full speed, and as the finest swordsmanship of his existence was renewed, it bolted towards the woman’s slender neck.

Then, an artistically brilliant beheading was enacted―― or, it should have been.

Rowan: [Wha…]

Hindered by a firm, solid, stiff, and hard sensation, the sword technique was stopped from reaping life.

The woman who was a formidable enemy, who was the finest worthy opponent, who could even be called his teacher of sorts, as his brandishing of gratitude towards her was stopped, Rowan widened his black-stained golden eyes, and was struck with wonder.

It was regrettable that his attack had been stopped, but the person who had stopped his attack was another matter.

It had not been Iris, whom he had recognized as a tough, formidable, and worthy opponent. It was not a latent strength that she had shown while in the grips of death, but rather an undoubtable interference.

???: [――Yorna-sama.]

Indeed, calling out the name of a nobody, the young voice had obstructed Rowan’s sword.

Through sheer force, a whole body had wedged itself between them to stop the strong sword, but even so, from Rowan’s perspective, that was something that should have been impossible.

Even if the entirety of that slender body had been employed to try and get in the way, the slashing attack ought to have had enough power put into it to completely bisect the body. And yet――,

???: [You all have the same face, but everyone get out of the way!]

Subsequently, a voice akin to the sound of bells courageously resounded, and the sound of the atmosphere tensing rended the world.

That instant, flowers of ice blooming on the surface engulfed the surrounding scene in one fell swoop; Getting caught up within that, Rowan, Rowan, and the rest of the Rowans were converted into nourishment for the flowers.

Seeing his selves being frozen still in his peripheral vision, as Rowan jumped back and readied his katana , he gazed over what had occurred.

And there――,

???: [――At last. At long last, I was able to meet you again.]

In a quiet, yet deeply emotional voice, an antler-wielding girl muttered as she held Iris in a tight embrace.

Shedding blood and having fallen to her knees, Iris was embraced in the thin chest of the short girl, and while her blue eyes widened in surprise, she accepted the embrace.

Then, the young girl who had hugged Iris turned her dark eyes to Rowan, and,

???: [Scoundrel who turns a blade to Yorna-sama, though I may be unworthy, I shall serve as your opponent.]

With that, the antlered girl had made a clear declaration.

Translation Note:

[1] – Here Iris changes her pronoun from Yorna’s pronoun, わっち( Wacchi ), to what is likely Iris’s original pronoun, 私( Watashi ).

--- Chapter 47: Tanza ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――This was a complex feeling, but just like Natsuki Schwartz, Tanza hated the Vollachian Empire.

The people of the Empire must be strong, such a way of thinking was given wondrous praise, and in accordance with it, those who lacked strength were oppressed, and even were they to lose their lives, it would be declared that their weakness was at fault.

The weak were unqualified to be people of the Empire. ――If that were the case, she would like to be excused.

None could choose where they were born.

Therefore, neither Tanza nor anybody else had been born into the Vollachian Empire of their own volition.

Tanza hated the Vollachian Empire.

She hated the Empire that had taken her mother and father; the Empire that, for some incomprehensible reason such as the Imperial Way, had tortured her sister to death; the sister who had assiduously raised Tanza; the sister who had been relieved upon finally finding a place where they could live in peace; the sister whom Tanza should have been able to finally repay for everything she had done for her.

She was sure that had been why.

???: [Do you happen to hate this country?]

Upon being posed that question, her expression which seldom showed emotion became stiff, and she held her breath.

Something which must not be noticed, a thought which must not be known, an ideology which one would naturally have from being ostracized; she thought it had been found out.

However, upon seeing Tanza cast down her eyes as she trembled, the beautiful woman who had seen through her heart smiled, and tenderly stroked Tanza’s stiffened cheek.

The warmth of those fingers felt similar to that of her sister, whom she had already lost.

It felt similar to that of her sister, who had devoted herself to Tanza without consideration for herself, who had died without knowing any happiness that seemed to be her own.

Woman: [I do, too.]

For a moment, not understanding what exactly that meant, Tanza was perplexed.

After that confusion, she comprehended what the woman’s words were expressing feelings about, and she gulped.

If a child like Tanza, unknowing of how things worked, were to say that, it would merely end with them being scolded and punished. However, this person was unlike them.

She was not merely an adult, for she was a person with status.

Within this Empire, that believed in strength, she was one of the nine people who were a symbol of strength――.

Woman: [――I, too, despise the ways of this country.]

Indeed, while giving a tender, affectionate smile, that person confided her true feelings in Tanza.

△▼△▼△▼△

Tanza: [Please, send me to Yorna-sama. I wish to be by her side.]

In the battle on which the survival of the Empire was staked, she was aware that what she was asking was selfish.

That was why she had been prepared to endure all sorts of verbal abuse. Thinking that being spoken to in such a manner was unavoidable, that even if she were to be showered with cursing and scolding, she still needed to be honest with her feelings.

And even though she had thought that.

???: [――Yeah, that’s what I intend to do. Let her see your face well, and go have a proper talk with her.]

Despite always selfishly putting Tanza’s feelings on the backburner, only at a time like this did he speak to Tanza’s feelings directly, almost like he was giving her an order.

That was an aspect she disliked about this black-haired boy.

Tanza: [――Yorna-sama.]

And right after she had called that out, Tanza stretched out her small body as much as she could, and receiving the flash of silver head-on, she saved the precious woman who was about to be decapitated.

The shock ran through the entirety of her being, sending a tingling and numbing sensation to the tips of her limbs.

But, in order to hide the fact that she felt pain, she bit down on her molars. Not for the opponent who had unleashed the sword attack, but in order to hide it from the precious woman she had protected.

Tanza: [――Hk.]

Firmly stifling her cries of pain and her expression, she endured.

She usually found it frustrating, but at this time she was grateful for her cold face. It must have appeared like she had withstood it with a face as if to say that it was not a big deal.

Even though in truth, without the shield of ice concealed inside her kimono , she would have undoubtedly been split right in two.

???: [You all have the same face, but everyone get out of the way!]

Following Tanza’s bluff, a courageous voice with a tone akin to silver bells could be heard.

The reason why Tanza had not been cleaved in twain, the one who had hidden an ice shield for her, the silver-haired half-elf―― Emilia gallantly swooped down on the Imperial Capital, and pointed her hands at the rows of undead who bore the same face.

Right after, a high-pitched sound like that of cracking glass enveloped the area; clear ice had shot out of the ground, entrapping the undead one after another in glacial prisons.

The undead immediately either tried to jump away and escape, or tried to evade by ducking low, or tried to cut off the freezing with their swords. ――But, those who had selected the correct answer were few.

Those who jumped, those who ducked, and those who drew their blades, were made part of the blooming ice flowers in the sky, on the ground, and with their drawn swords respectively, and were quite literally frozen in ice wherever they were.

Engulfing nearly twenty of the undead in their entirety, there were merely a few who had escaped.

She wished to exhaust her vocabulary in praise of that, but right now――,

Tanza: [――At last. At long last, I was able to meet you again.]

The severed shield of ice fell from her kimono , and diffused into Mana before it could hit the ground.

Then, with the chest from which the hard sensation had been removed, Tanza embraced the head of the woman who had fallen to her knees. Even though Tanza had been held like this by her before, since she was a tall woman, it was the first time Tanza was embracing her in such a manner.

To be frank, she had thought it embarrassing to have this kind of thing done to her.

She had thought it would not set a good example, and it was frustrating being treated like a child. But, she had never disliked it, and her thoughts on being treated like a child had also changed.

Was it not the case that Schwartz and Cecilus could do as they pleased, regardless of being small or being children.

Even if being a child became an obstacle when trying to do something, it was by no means a reason to give up. Tanza tried to return that to this person with her whole body.

Shedding blood, the woman whose blue eyes were widened in surprise―― while embracing Yorna, Tanza turned her dark eyes to the enemy, to the nuisance who was getting in the way.

And then――,

Tanza: [Scoundrel who turns a blade to Yorna-sama, though I may be unworthy, I shall serve as your opponent.]

With that clear declaration, she asserted her own standpoint.

Undead: [――――]

Accepting Tanza’s proclamation, neither the undead men, nor Yorna, embraced in her chest, made a sound.

Were they perhaps shocked by the foolish action, or was it Tanza’s sudden arrival that was the reason for their shock? It mattered not either way, and Tanza readied herself while still holding Yorna.

Thereupon――,

Emilia: [Teiryaa!]

Undead: [Uuooou!?]

Emilia’s sprinting attack was even faster than Tanza’s movements.

Stepping forth with her long legs, Emilia swung the ice mallets that she had created in both of her hands down on the motionless undead. The undead man who had been focused on Tanza was taken aback as he swept those aside, and squared off against Emilia.

Emilia: [I’m the opponent of all of you!]

Undead: [Tho’, that lass over there just said she’d be my opponent?]

Emilia: [Right now, Tanza-chan has finally encountered Yorna-san, who she’s been longing to meet. You… you guys? You all have the same face, but… I won’t let you guys get in the way!]

Undead: [It might be difficult to understand, but even if there’s more, I’m me… Rowan Segmunt, the individual. Ain’t no need for ya to get confused over that.]

Emilia: [I won’t let you get in the way!]

As she corrected herself, Emilia produced twin swords of ice in her hands, and the callously-smiling―― all of the multiple Rowans, took the same stance as they faced off against Emilia.

From behind, as Tanza tried to back her up with an “Emilia-sama!”,

Emilia: [It’s okay, you can talk to Yorna-san first. ――Subaru requested this of me.]

Tanza: [――――]

As Schwartz’s name came up, Tanza hesitated to speak.

During that time, Emilia left behind a smile as her expression shifted to a stiff one, and taking a step towards the Rowans who were readied with their katanas in their sheaths,

Emilia: [―― Icicle Line .]

After Emilia’s lips spun those words, the surrounding scene was dyed even further white.

Every color was mixed with a silvery white, and trying to counter the twin swords of the snow-clad Emilia, Rowan smiled in satisfaction―― thereupon, an icicle storm assailed.

Rowan: [OHHHHH――!?] Rowan: [OHHHHH――!?]

Emilia: [Here I come!]

Rowan, who seemed to have thought that a contest of swordsmanship was starting, while stupefied at the bombardment of ice, fought against Emilia’s incoming attacks.

The light ice weapons clashed with the undead’s katana , and the sword dance commenced.

In the background of that sword dance, Tanza depended upon Emilia’s consideration, and looked to Yorna once again. Still, her expression appeared as if she had not caught up with the situation.

Tanza: [This is the first time I have witnessed Yorna-sama make such a face.]

Yorna: [――Tanza, is that you?]

Tanza slightly lowered the corners of her eyes in happiness, and while staring at that face, Yorna spoke words with meaning for the first time since their reunion. At that question, Tanza nodded. Since their parting at Chaosflame, she had been separated from Yorna for nearly two months.

Since there had been no correspondence, it would have been natural for Yorna to have assumed that Tanza was dead.

Tanza: [However, I have remained safe and sound. For the sake of returning to Yorna-sama.]

Gazing back into Yorna’s eyes, she reassuringly spoke those words.

The words that had hit Yorna as her eyes quivered at this reality, for being something she had spoken herself, there was an unthinkable reassurance to it.

Maybe this had been due to the influence of the people who could say things without any pretensions.

It was proof that Tanza had been through all sorts of things in the two months she had been separated from Yorna―― but, Tanza was not the only one who had changed, as so had Yorna.

Yorna was wearing a beautiful, blue dress. Without the kimono that Tanza was used to seeing, she was wearing her hair down; more so than giving excitement over the novelty, that appearance gave Tanza some misgivings.

It was not that she was skeptical of a change in tastes. Yorna’s ornaments―― the articles presented to her by the inhabitants of Chaosflame, the fact that she was not wearing them was suspicious.

The inhabitants who dwelled in the Demon City of Chaosflame, they all loved and respected Yorna very much.

In order to convey their heart of hearts, they would take parts of their unique features as demi-humans, something that served as the primary reason for them being ostracized, put them to good use, and design them as ornaments to present to Yorna.

Everything from hairpins to earrings, to obidome to pins or threads for her kimono , Yorna clad herself in the affection of Chaosflame’s inhabitants, and had come to present herself in a majestic manner.

Among those were combs carved out from a part of Tanza’s, and of Tanza’s sister’s horns.

Yorna: [Tanza…]

Her name called out by trembling lips, Tanza waited for Yorna’s discomposure to subside.

She also wanted to assist Emilia as she fought Rowan, but right now before her eyes, she wanted to put all her energy towards sorting out Yorna’s emotions. Nervously, Yorna’s fingers reached out towards Tanza’s cheek; after ascertaining that feeling, Tanza would exchange words with her.

However, Yorna’s fingers did not come into contact with Tanza’s cheek.

Tanza: [Yorna-sama?]

Just as they were about to touch, Yorna held back her fingers and tightly shut her eyes; instead, she pushed Tanza’s chest, which had been embracing her, and sent her a step backwards.

Tanza and Yorna, after having finally embraced, the two of them were separated once again, and Tanza blinked her eyes. As Tanza could not decipher the intention behind that action, Yorna opened her mouth,

Yorna: [For what reason, have you come to a place such as this?]

Tanza: [――――]

Yorna: [At present, this Imperial Capital has become the Capital of the undead… this place that was abandoned not just by the soldiers of the Empire, but even by the Nine Divine Generals and the Emperor, what business does a girl like you have doing here?]

Getting up from her knees, Yorna glared at Tanza in a stern manner. Being stared down by those almond-shaped eyes, Tanza’s slender shoulders slightly shrunk.

For a moment, she did not know what she had been told. But, she immediately understood that those were words of rejection.

Yorna, the compassionate woman who accepted all things, had rejected Tanza.

Yorna: [This place is far too harsh and savage for the living to be present. It would be wise to leave at once. If you cannot, shall I send you off by my own hand?]

Tanza: […If you are distinguishing between the living and the dead, then for Yorna-sama too, that condition is…]

Yorna: [The same? ――You believe that you and I are the same?]

Though she had been struck with shock, Tanza had tried to protest, and Yorna reached her hand towards her. However, that was not for the sake of stroking Tanza’s cheek, but to seize her by the collar.

Five of Yorna’s slender fingers grabbed the overlap of the kimono , and the legs of Tanza’s small body were suspended.

She had been held up before. But, it had never been done to her in this kind of violent manner.

Yorna: [You and I do not stand on the same side. I have… someone whose side I wish to remain by. At long last, I can be with that person again. That is why…]

Tanza: [ Yor … na – sama … Hk.]

Yorna: [I no longer have any need for you or the other children.]

At a distance close enough that their breaths could reach each other, Yorna looked into Tanza’s face. That which Yorna had spoken, was the reason she had remained in the Imperial Capital, filled with undead as it was.

The reality was not that she had been held captive, but that she had remained here of her own volition.

Tanza: [――――]

Just as Yorna was looking at her, Tanza had also been looking into Yorna’s blue eyes.

Deep within those irises, while Yorna was passing the days in the Demon City, while she was gently attending to Tanza and the inhabitants of the city, fragments of a longing that never disappeared could be seen.

Yorna Mishigure had always been searching for something.

That was certainly something that was unfathomably large and distant to Tanza, something that even Yorna was unable to reach; to Tanza, it seemed like searching for something akin to a star.

Something that was known to be bright, shimmering, and to have a dazzling gleam, but could not be reached.

Yorna had always been searching for that.

That she was someone who sought such a thing was known to Tanza, and to everybody else. She prayed that Yorna’s wish would come true, and if it would not, then she desired to offer something in its place.

It was not just Tanza, everybody had thought that way.

And now, she had finally found it, Yorna’s wish had reached the stars.

If that was the reason why she was grabbing Tanza’s collar like this――,

Tanza: [――Please be happier as you reject me, Yorna-sama.]

Indeed, Tanza gripped the other’s wrists, and told that to the poor liar whom she treasured dearly.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Ah, I have become a bad child .

Gripping the slender white wrist, Tanza deplored her utterly changed self in such a way.

It was not supposed to be this way. For Tanza, Tanza’s ideal self―― that was, the idealized image of wanting to be like her dead older sister, Zoey.

――Zoey had been a very strong-willed, and kind-hearted woman.

The reason Tanza’s birthplace had been destroyed was because of the prevalence of a superstition that boiling the antlers of the deerpeople tribe would create a panacea, causing them to be attacked by bandits who aimed to sell the antlers at a high price.

With both her mother and father killed, the still-young Tanza had been pulled by the hand of her sister, and they were able to barely escape with their lives.

But, the sufferings of the two sisters did not end there. Many times, the evil clutches of those hunting their antlers had caught up to them, and even ignoring that, it was customary in the Vollachian Empire to prey on the weak.

Many a time, their lives had been in danger, and the extent to which her sister had gone through harsh experiences in order to obtain one plateful of soup, was something Tanza could only conceive of after a few years had passed. At the same time, she had detested being entirely dependent on her sister, unable to do anything, so much so that she had wanted to kill herself.

Zoey: [Tanza, you must not curse anyone. People who can easily curse others, will also be easily cursed in a similar manner.]

While emaciated and clad in tattered clothes, Tanza’s sister would tell this to her on nights when they shared a single plate of soup.

Without anybody treating them kindly, everybody was cold towards Tanza and Zoey. Whenever she spoke ill of that world, Tanza’s kind sister would, without fail, scold her by saying that.

Not out of frustration, but out of parental love, Tanza’s sister would scold her. ――Despite being her older sister, and at an age where one would still depend on their parents, it was far too early for her to become a parent.

The superstition regarding the antlers of deerpeople did not peter out, so the sisters never settled in one place.

They were always fleeing, fleeing, continuing to flee, and when they had become fatigued from all the fleeing, what caught the ears of the two sisters, was a rumor of the Demon City of Chaosflame.

It was told that in that place, many demi-human tribes lived together, that it was a paradise for the ostracized.

The mistress who ruled there was said to be strong, filled with compassion, and a wonderful person who did not tolerate the weak being oppressed. ――Such a prospect was ridiculous, Tanza thought with her childish heart.

There was no way such a person existed. It was impossible for such a convenient person to exist.

Even if such a person did exist, then why had her mother and father died? Why was her sister, so emaciated and ragged as she was, leading Tanza by the hand like this?

Therefore――,

???: [――You have done well, Zoey, Tanza.]

Finally, having reached the paradise that should not have existed, when the woman in the beautiful kimono brought the two ragged, dirty sisters up to the castle and embraced them as they clumsily introduced themselves, Tanza heard her sister raise her voice and cry for the first time.

Even on the day their mother and father died, even on the days that a spectacle was made of her for a plate of soup, even on the days when an unreasonable Tanza would curse at her with inconsiderate words, Zoey had never cried.

Seeing Zoey shed tears and sob as she clung to the woman’s chest, Tanza also raised her voice and cried, and as she did so, she had a thought from the bottom of her heart.

She thought that she would never lose the paradise created by this woman―― no, that she would absolutely never lose this woman, Yorna Mishigure; her childish heart firmly believed so.

――They were provided with meals and a bedroom, and the kimono -clad Zoey was beautiful. She was Tanza’s pride.

There were many who adored Yorna and earnestly wished to serve her. Among them, Zoey was the most serious and hardworking, and Yorna came to appoint her to a responsible post.

Tanza was proud that Zoey was serving the amazing Yorna and doing important work.

She had thought that she would be like her sister one day, wholeheartedly serving Yorna, and wanting the existence of the paradise known as Chaosflame to be known to many more of the weak who suffered.

Her sister died. Two years after that life had begun.

Outside of the Demon City, there had been a group of demi-human tribes that sought the protection of Chaosflame.

While passing by a fortress of Imperial Soldiers conducting a military campaign, her sister had been in contact with the group as Yorna’s representative, and was in the middle of guiding them to the Demon City.

The Imperial Soldiers had attacked the group of demi-humans under the guise that they were potential enemies, and her sister was abruptly killed. Tortured to death for a reason unrelated to the antlers of deerpeople, her corpse was subjected to disgrace.

Zoey: [Tanza, you must not curse anyone. People who can easily curse others, will also be easily cursed in a similar manner.]

The words of her older sister flashed through her mind, and in the midst of sorrow, Tanza’s heart was ripped to shreds.

Even after this, was it something she must not do? Even after this, was she not to curse anyone? After her older sister, who was finally supposed to be happy, was killed, was she still not to curse anyone?

Yorna: [Do you happen to hate this country?]

Tormented by despair, as Tanza suffered as if her own antlers had been broken, a voice called out to her.

She had put on a kimono to imitate her sister, but with her scant knowledge of being an attendant, it was impossible for her to imitate her sister, and her weak, brittle heart could not hide what she truly felt.

As Tanza lamented that those feelings of hers had been found out, the woman’s hand stroked her cheek.

Yorna: [I do, too.]

While stroking it, the woman affirmed Tanza’s rage, affirmed her cursing.

And, in place of Tanza, who did not have the power or means to give that curse form, she acted. Even if that meant she would need to face off against the mighty, mighty Empire, she cared not.

Yorna: [――I, too, despise the ways of this country.]

Whenever the Flamboyant, Yorna Mishigure, rose in rebellion against the Empire, it had always been for the sake of another.

Since Tanza knew she was a woman who would do so, she did not want to be the cause.

She wanted to remain a child who did not cause Yorna to face danger.

She wanted to remain a child who did not cause Yorna to face sorrow.

Like her sister Zoey, she wanted to be a good attendant, one who did not trouble Yorna.

――And yet, Tanza had become a bad child.

Tanza: [Yorna-sama saved my older sister.]

Tightly squeezing the wrist grabbing her by the collar, Tanza’s lips spoke.

Perhaps because Tanza’s reaction, conduct, and words had all been unexpected, Yorna’s blue eyes widened, and her lips faintly quivered.

The fact that those trembling lips mouthed the name of her older sister, “Zoey”, would not go overlooked by Tanza.

Tanza: [Yorna-sama acceded to my selfish request.]

After the rebellion that clashed directly against the Imperial Capital when Zoey lost her life, Yorna had gotten revenge for Tanza’s older sister, and Tanza had requested to serve in her sister’s place.

It was a request akin to the height of impudence, and she was extremely insufficient for the role, but Yorna had accepted it with pleasure.

And, Tanza had served her wholeheartedly. She had been permitted to do so.

Tanza: [Yorna-sama has brought about happiness, for a great deal of people.]

Outside of herself and her sister, just how many people had Yorna supported?

Just how many people had been saved and protected by their connection to Yorna? Tanza’s words and actions were nothing more than a small fragment of that cluster of gratitude.

If Yorna was leaving all of that behind and proceeding without reserve, that would be fine.

If Yorna thought of them as a heavy burden, and wanted to become light in order to fly up and reach the stars, that would be fine too.

If Yorna was unhappy, they would not want her to stay with them. If they were to say they wanted Yorna to stay with them even if she was unhappy, that would be as selfish as a curse.

That was why, if she was going to shake free from the hands holding onto her, Tanza wanted her to at least smile, wishing for happiness.

If she could not do so――,

Tanza: [――Yorna-sama, you still love us.]

Without letting go of those emotions still present even now, Tanza clearly declared so in a tense that was not past tense.

In front of her, Yorna’s eyes were widened past their limit, and she fell into a state of astonishment. Her face was as if it were completely inconceivable that Tanza would ever talk back to her.

In reality, that must have been so. Tanza had wanted to serve Yorna well. Like Zoey, she had quietly obeyed Yorna’s words, and put in the utmost effort to make them come true.

But, a glimpse of her ineptitude for that should have become apparent at the time she had separated from Yorna.

The Emperor and the fake Emperor who visited Chaosflame; in order to prevent them from dragging Yorna into their war, Tanza had acted independently from Yorna, and ended up unnecessarily amplifying the disorder.

As a result, Tanza was separated from Yorna during the events that followed, and she experienced many things.

And now, having finally reunited, Tanza was directly objecting to Yorna.

She was a bad child. She had become a bad child.

The person she wanted to be happy, she did not want that person to compromise in the act of becoming happy. For that purpose, Tanza would even overcome that person’s words and prayers.

What a bad child she had become.

Yorna: [――Ah.]

Eyes wide open in astonishment, a feeble breath spilled from Yorna’s lips.

That was Yorna’s reaction to the pain from her wrist being firmly gripped. As Tanza’s collar was being held up by Yorna’s wrist, she firmly gripped the wrist in return.

Supposing it was as Yorna had said, that she did not care about Tanza or the others, and that she was freely doing what she desired, then this ought to never have happened.

Yorna’s Soul Marriage Technique distributed power to those she loved.

The effects would also apply to Yorna herself, due to the logic of self-love―― the feelings of affirmation towards oneself, which could even be called a manifestation of the belief that one’s actions were right.

As long as she sincerely believed that she was correct, extraordinary power would surge within Yorna Mishigure.

But, if she did not believe that was the case, what would happen then?

Though she was one of the Nine Divine Generals, an apex of the Vollachian Empire’s military, if Yorna could not affirm her own deeds, she would rapidly lose strength.

And unmistakably, that very phenomenon had occurred, to the extent that the sword of the Undead Swordmaster, who had parted ways with life, had surpassed her in strength.

Yorna could not support those whom she could not love, those whom she could not affirm.

That was why, she could not support her current self.

That was why――,

Tanza: [――Yorna-sama, those feelings of love are the only thing you cannot feign.]

A blue flame alight in her left eye, Tanza believed in Yorna’s love without a single shred of doubt.

Yorna: [――――]

As the suspended legs returned to the ground, and Tanza looked at her while her eye flamed, Yorna was at a loss for words.

Pressing down on the wrist that had been gripped so tightly, Yorna looked at Tanza’s face in front of her; there was no proof of “love” as great as the flame housed therein, and she stared at it as if it were unbelievable.

It was as if she was under the impression that she could completely deceive her own heart.

Tanza: [Yorna-sama, you are not a very skilled person. ――To tie up your hair and get dressed up in your kimono , were you not always relying on the strength of me, my sister, or of everyone else who loves you?]

Saying that, Tanza stood up on her tiptoes and stretched out her back, and with her stretched-out hand, she stroked Yorna’s cheek.

Just as it had once been done to her, and just as she would one day do to somebody she wanted to lovingly cherish. At the sensation of those fingers, Yorna’s blue eyes greatly wavered. They wavered.

Just like when her older sister had raised her voice and cried for the first time, it was as if a stout heart was fissuring.

Thereupon――,

???: [――Hk! You can’t! Tanza-chan!]

Behind Tanza as she faced Yorna, the voice of a cornered Emilia, and the sound of zori firmly stepping on the ground, seized her eardrums.

At the same time, the sound of a blade being unsheathed―― she could conceive that a single Rowan had slipped past Emilia’s interference, and was trying to approach in this direction.

Rowan: [Outta the way, missy. This over here’s the stage I’ve yearned for in my dreams!]

Along with a selfish remark, the enemy ran like a strong wind.

Yorna had likely seen him from over her shoulder. Right away, she reached her hand out to Tanza’s shoulder, and tried to push her body out of the way to protect her.

As if to return the favor from earlier, this time she would try and serve as Tanza’s shield.

Tanza: [However, I cannot allow that.]

Yorna: [Tanza… Hk?]

Standing firm and enduring the hand that had tried to push her out of the way, Tanza rejected that action. Instead, she turned around to protect Yorna behind her, and faced off against the hideous golden irises heading in her direction.

The unleashed sword aimed to slash through Tanza’s neck, and to slice Yorna in half behind her. The stroke of the blade was enough to scorch the chilled atmosphere, and as it approached Tanza’s neck――,

Rowan: [――Hk.]

Tanza: [The stage of your dreams, was it?]

Stifling the shock in the back of his throat, Rowan widened his golden eyes.

That must have been so. There was no doubt that he had not expected for the attack he had unleashed with all of his strength to be caught by such a small child.

With her raised hand, Tanza had caught and intercepted the flash of silver that scorched the atmosphere.

――Yorna’s Soul Marriage Technique distributed power to those she loved.

If one believed that they were correct, and there was no doubt that they were loved, if they selfishly believed that from the bottom of their heart, its effects would be tremendous.

???: [Tanza’s also mine, so it’s like she’s basically on our side, right?]

Ahh, how irritating. She was confident that she was loved, she had been infected with being a bad child.

That was far too irritating and unbearable. She was truly glad that it was in her nature not to show it on her face.

Tanza: [Apologies. I am quite busy, so I do not have the time to be watching happy dreams unfold.]

Putting strength into her hand and crushing the katana grasped within, with an astonished reaction to her front and rear, Tanza aimed at the face of the nuisance before her, and drove the fist that had shattered the katana right into it.

Giving a strike that went through his nose, and caved it into the inside of his head, Tanza made a declaration.

Her days of merely dreaming of paradise, and continuing to pray for the sake of her precious person, were over.

Without taking action herself, she would never be able to grasp paradise or her precious wishes.

Having been saved by her older sister, having been aided by Yorna, having met Natsuki Schwartz and other comrades in the Pleiades Battalion, and having finally arrived here, Tanza’s answer was――.

Tanza: [――Because there is a harsh, cruel, but lovely reality that awaits.]

After all, in order to reach the stars, she did not have time to stop in her tracks.

--- Chapter 48: The Curse of Thorns ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The name Eugard Vollachia, Emperor of the Briar, was known not just within the Vollachian Empire, but also far and wide across the rest of the world.

The reason for that lay in the tale of tragic love engraved into the history of the Empire, “Iris and the King of Thorns”.

The tale that depicted the meeting and parting of the kind-hearted girl named Iris, and the Vollachian Emperor feared as the King of Thorns, along with the tragic nature of its ending, struck a chord within the hearts of many readers.

The fated meeting between the two and their first parting. Thereafter, betrayed by his vassals, the King of Thorns was ousted from the throne and reunited with Iris, and hand-in-hand the two of them began their rebellion―― since then, a long, long time had passed, and though the way of reciting the tale may have deviated from historical fact, the most important, core aspect, that of two people who were deeply in love with each other, remained completely unaltered as the story continued to be told.

Such was the extent to which the story of immutable love known as “Iris and the King of Thorns” continued to be beloved.

However, as a result, the story, being told as a tragic love tale which lit a fire within the hearts of people, ignored and concealed a part of the original historical truth.

Iris and the King of Thorns, the two of them peacefully spending their time cultivating their love, had not been the case.

During those tumultuous times, in an Empire where treachery and lamentation intertwined, they spent their days together risking their lives, fighting day and night for the sake of their desired future as they engaged in a burning love.

And indeed, Iris and the King of Thorns turned the entirety of the Vollachian Empire upside down, and finally succeeded in taking back the Empire. ――Of course, the tragedy which followed needed not be stated.

But, before that tragedy had come to pass, the two had certainly achieved their goal.

With her compassionate heart and her devoted way of being, Iris had won many allies over to their cause. With that Iris by his side, the King of Thorns had achieved results in warfare befitting an Emperor of Vollachia.

Results in warfare befitting an Emperor of Vollachia―― remaining unchanged from times of yore, that was the embodiment of the Vollachian Empire’s law of iron and blood. In other words, that was proof of power.

――The Emperor of the Briar, Eugard Vollachia, was the strongest Emperor in the history of the Empire.

???: [Go FUCK yourseeelf!!]

As a bursting roar thunderously boomed out of his throat, Groovy Gumlet leapt high into the air, and discarded the kusarigama which had had its handle cut in half.

A moment later, the kusarigama which had left his hand burst into deep-red flames midair.

Had he hesitated for even a moment, those flames would have likely consumed him; his fur instinctually stood on end as he realized he had nearly been burned to death. But, he did not have time to feel relief.

Eugard: [Thou doth dance well, pup. However, when it cometh to dancing, Mine Star is far more of an impressive sight to behold.]

While speaking fondly of his lover in a detached, emotionless tone, his onslaught of red streaks was relentless, as if blooming in profusion.

The weapon he wielded, which had received a blow from the kusarigama and had made it instantly burst into flame without even permitting an exchange of blows, was truly the worst―― as one would expect from the treasured sword which bore the name of the Empire, it was not just its sharpness, but even its special characteristic that was exceedingly troublesome. If it were possible, he would have very much liked to produce an article rivaling its excellent quality with his own hands.

Groovy: [If only His Fucking Excellency had let me a get a nice close look at it!]

Given that no one apart from the rightful owner could possess the treasured sword, opportunities to see the genuine article were extremely few and far between.

While expressing dissatisfaction at how he had been treated as a General First-Class, Groovy made full use of his small stature, which had been made fun of by his opponent, and evading the crimson strikes with his nimble body, he dodged, dodged, and dodged once more.

He evaded because getting hit was not an option; albeit primitive, it was the optimal solution to use against such an enemy. Were Goz or Moguro the ones present, they would have received the blow without evading, meeting their ends in a fiery blaze.

As the aftermath of the slashes incinerated the cityscape, Groovy’s nose took in the burning smell as he successfully managed to dodge the gale of the crimson sword. However, he was still unable to catch his breath.

Even if he did dodge the Yang Sword, which scorched the world as it cut through, the subsequent flash of blackness would bisect the world.

Groovy: [――Hk.]

Not even his habitual cursing was able to escape his mouth.

As the barrage of powerful swings came from the Yang Sword, Eugard twisted his body and unleashed a brandish of the Fiend Sword, causing Groovy’s fur to stand on end as he ducked while the blade scythed just a centimeter above his head.

The result of this slash did not end with just his relief at his head not flying off.

Along the trajectory which the blade had traced, a few dozen meters in front of where the stroke had cut, the cityscape of the Imperial Capital slanted diagonally, a series of severed buildings crumbling in its wake.

Its cutting edge was so plainly absurd that even making a dedicated sheath for the blade had been rife with difficulties, such was the might of the blade known as the Fiend Sword Murasame.

This Fiend Sword, which manifested such impossible power, naturally required suitable compensation in order to be wielded. If the wielder were an ordinary person, it would be an area untread, one which could cost them their very life――.

Groovy: [Going whoosh whoosh whoosh with it, you got some nerve swinging it around so fucking casually…!]

Eugard: [Dost thou hold concern for I whilst we face off against each other? If such is the case, thy fears art unwarranted. Diminutive beings such as thee need only worry over thyselves. In regards to worrying over mineself, Mine Star alone is sufficient.]

Groovy: [You don’t make any fucking sense!]

In his right hand, the Yang Sword Vollachia, and in his left hand, the Fiend Sword Murasame.

Though the foe who dual-wielded the worst possible combination of two swords that Groovy could possibly imagine had not given his name, so long as he held the Yang Sword without bursting into flames, it showed that he possessed the due qualifications to wield it.

Additionally, green hair with a crown of thorns, plus this situation in which the dead were revived as the undead―― in regards to the identity of the person dual-wielding the two worst blades, a terrible possibility rose to the surface in Groovy’s mind as he spat out an endless string of curses.

Hence――,

Groovy: [Eugard Vollachia…]

Eugard: [Even if thou dost not call out to mineself, I am aware of mine own personage. However, for recognizing mineself even though we art separated by time, I bestow mine praise unto thy discernment.]

Bearing blades of instant death in both hands, he stated this in a crushing voice to his foe who had opened up some distance between them.

And then from the front, the undead, standing atop the burning wreckage of the buildings, drew back his chin solemnly at Groovy’s call.

Hearing the undead’s―― Eugard’s reply, Groovy snorted his nose with a bad attitude, and,

Groovy: [Even so, I’m still somebody who actually reads books among the fucking Generals of the First-Class. And I may as well just fucking say this while I’m at it, I’m one of the Nine Divine Generals.]

Eugard: [Nine Divine Generals… Ah, so it yet remaineth in existence, that position.]

Groovy: [Though it seems like it completely fucking vanished in your era.]

In front of Eugard, whose inflectionless speech did not indicate whether he was interested or not, Groovy put his arms behind his waist, drawing two hatchets from it and holding them at the ready.

He still had plenty of Curse Tools. The problem was not Groovy’s remaining number of Curse Tools, but rather his remaining amount of lifeforce.

Groovy: [――――]

While interlocking gazes with Eugard, he glanced down at his own chest at the edge of his vision. Like before, his chest, in which his heart was stored, was being stabbed by sharp, transparent thorns as they writhed.

It was good that he had hastily prepared to deal with the Curse of Thorns that gnawed at his heart by running poison through himself, but this daredevil strategy was not designed for the long haul.

The Curse of Thorns was, by how it had looked, a powerful curse that indiscriminately engulfed a wide area centered on the caster. Therefore, he had anticipated that the user would be the type to hide while focusing on operating and maintaining the curse.

That had been naive. Very naive. His guess had been completely off-the-mark, and far from being in hiding, the enemy was imposingly wielding powerful weapons―― no, the weapons were indeed powerful, but the weapons alone were not the reason for this tough fight.

It was because the wielder of the weapons was a person of extraordinary power.

In the current Vollachian Empire, the status of General First-Class indicated the position of the Nine Divine Generals.

That system had been restored by the current Emperor, Vincent Vollachia, and though it had been repeatedly revived and erased several times throughout history, it was during the reign of none other than Eugard Vollachia that the system of the Nine Divine Generals had first been lost.

For what reason had the system of the Nine Divine Generals been eradicated during Eugard’s reign?

That was――,

Eugard: [――Naught else could hath been done. For those weaker than mineself hadst made an attempt on the life of Mine Star.]

――That was the reason why the Emperor of the Briar himself had executed all the Nine Divine Generals of his time with his own hands, not sparing even a single one.

Of course, Groovy had not been a part of the Nine Divine Generals at that time, nor had transcendent figures such as Cecilus or Arakiya existed. But even so, he did not think that the powerful individuals who bore the title of Divine General had been so weak that they could not hold a candle to Groovy and the rest of the current Divine Generals.

In short――,

Groovy: [――Gonna be a fucking short-term decisive battle!]

Eugard: [Cease from piling on more impure utterances. ‘Tis irreverent.]

Kicking off the streets where slash marks had been etched, Groovy’s body flew toward Eugard.

Groovy was readied with two hatchets, and while pointing out his manner of speech rather than those weapons, Eugard was calmly poised to intercept with the Yang Sword. To his opponent who stood ready to intercept him, Groovy furiously bared his fangs, and he struck with his hatchets in a vertical attack.

Naturally, the strike was blocked by the Yang Sword, which had been raised overhead, but that was just what he wanted.

Eugard: [Hm.]

At the moment the Yang Sword collided with the hatchets, cracks formed in Eugard’s face. Literally.

The crack on the cheek of his pale, prim face was proof that Groovy’s blow had permeated through his opponent.

Groovy: [It worked, but fuck off!]

At the puzzled Eugard, Groovy laughed with a sidelong glance as the hatchets were blown away in a blaze of flame.

To avoid the spread of fire, he had let go of the hatchets the moment they hit the Yang Sword, but the effect of those Curse Tools―― not cutting them, but forcing an impact through them, was activated.

Originally, it had been a Curse Tool created to kill opponents donning thick armor and steel helmets even while still clad in said equipment. The blade of the hatchet vibrated immensely at such a minute scale that it could not be seen; even the slightest contact would cause the vibrations to be sent throughout the opponent’s body, pulverizing their bones and viscera.

Though it would be lethal damage for a living person, he was not sure how effective it would be against an undead――,

Eugard: [Enthralling. But if thou art incapable of continuing onward――]

Groovy: [Who ever said anything like that? I’ve got a fuckton of Curse Tools left!]

As if one or two axes were not enough, Groovy pulled out two more hatchets and readied them in both hands. Upon hearing Groovy’s answer, Eugard slightly raised the eyebrows of his cracked face.

A hatchet was thrown, Eugard gyrated his body to avoid being hit, and then fired off a slash. Groovy also avoided the slash by jumping, and continued to throw hatchets one after the other.

Groovy: [Ora ora ora ora ora ora oraahhh!]

Eugard: [――――]

Between the barking Groovy and the silent Eugard, a momentary combat between the two turned into a fierce struggle.

As Groovy threw his Curse Tools as he pleased, Eugard continued to fire blows from his combination of the Yang Sword and the Fiend Sword in return.

At a glance, the battle appeared to be evenly matched with only one move from either side needed to tilt the odds in their favor, but in reality, Groovy was at a major disadvantage.

His remaining strength, his number of remaining Curse Tools, and the lethality of each of their weapons, were all unfavorable to him.

The deadly poison that coursed through his veins was draining his life, and the Curse Tools that he kept using would eventually run out. While these Curse Tools would probably cause great damage upon contact, the opponent’s swords would spell certain death if they were to hit.

Even to an untrained eye, it was obvious which side had the advantage, and even more so for the two parties involved in the fight.

That was why Groovy capitalized on being at a disadvantage.

Groovy: [I’ll fucking show you something.]

Groovy did not consider himself to be particularly strong among the Nine Divine Generals.

He had once prided himself on being the strongest in Vollachia. However, after being recruited by Vincent and seeing others who had been given the same rank of General, those illusions vanished.

He desired to be strong, but he did not want to step out of line, and he was not qualified to do so.

He was no match for Cecilus with his strength, Arakiya with her explosive power, Olbart with his versatility, Chisha with his intellect, Goz with his caliber as a General, Moguro with their survivability, Yorna with her unorthodoxy, Madelyn with her anti-army capabilities, and Balleroy with his anti-unit efficiency.

That was Groovy’s self-assessment and the point he’d arrived at as a General.

However, aside from that, Groovy had strengths that the other Generals did not possess.

――Groovy excelled in his relentless dedication and method of killing his opponents.

Groovy: [Blargh.]

Amidst all those throws, a large amount of blood had poured out of Groovy’s mouth, his eyes looking bloodshot.

This was the result of the poison circulating throughout his body, causing blood vessels to be destroyed, blood then overflowing as they burst all over his body. At the sight of Groovy vomiting blood, Eugard’s expression did not waver.

He, too, was a master martial artist, and he must have known that Groovy was approaching him with some means of resisting the Curse of Thorns. But also that this was placing a burden on Groovy’s body that he would not be able to endure for long.

The blood Groovy vomited only confirmed this belief.

Even if Eugard’s blades did not reach him, Groovy would die of exhaustion on his own. Indeed, Eugard must have discerned this with his insight.

Because of this, he would not be able to fully avoid Groovy’s mist of blood, as the latter’s mouth spewed all of the blood that had accumulated therein.

Eugard: [――――]

A slight frown, and Eugard evaporated the mist of blood with the flames of the Yang Sword as he stepped rearward.

The blood contained the poison that Groovy had taken in, but even if one were exposed to it, the damage would be negligible. The goal, however, had not been to poison his opponent.

It had been to apply Groovy’s blood. ――It was successfully applied to his sleeve, which he could not shake off.

Groovy: [Like fish in a fucking barrel.]

Immediately after, Groovy smiled, his bloody fangs showing. Around Eugard―― the countless hatchets he had dodged so far drew close to him, as if pulled by a string.

Using Groovy’s blood as a medium to acquire its target, it was a guided tomahawk application of Curse Tool known as “Blood Hatchets”.

Eugard: [This is…]

The incoming Blood Hatchet was dodged, only for Eugard’s eyes to widen as he saw it circle around and come back again.

With his incredible physical prowess, Eugard dodged, dodged, dodged, and continued to dodge the storm of Blood Hatchets coming at him from all directions, but unless he were to shoot them down, they would eventually catch up to him as they came flying at him endlessly.

However, Groovy was not so well-behaved as to wait for that eventuality.

Groovy: [You’re probably wondering when it’s gonna fucking end, aren’t you? I’ll give you the answer!]

As he declared thus, Groovy was not holding an additional Blood Hatchet, but rather the severed weighted chain from the kusarigama that had been burned by the Yang Sword in the initial attack.

A specially engineered chain weight, it was briefly spun, and was then thrown with arrow-like speed at Eugard’s feet as he struggled to evade the blood hatchets.

Eugard: [――!]

To catch the chain weight with the middle of the Yang Sword, Eugard turned his wrist.

Immediately noticing the difference between it and the Blood Hatchets, it had been a brilliant move on his part, deciding that it would be safe to defend against it. However, in the arsenal of the Master of Curse Tools, Groovy Gumlet, there was nothing one could safely touch.

At the moment of impact, the chain weight glowed red, and a tremendous explosion enveloped Eugard.

Eugard: [Ohhh――]

Tossed by the blast and flames, Eugard finally let out a distressed cry and was blown away. Nevertheless, Eugard straightened up his limp body, and he immediately tried to prepare for a follow-up attack.

Aiming toward Eugard, the Blood Hatchets swarmed the motionless target.

One Blood Hatchet could shatter bones, two could crush internal organs, and three or more could end a life.

With ten or twenty of them pouring down, not even Eugard could withstand it.

Therefore, Groovy felt sure that he had killed him――,

Eugard: [――Stand tall. Thou art stronger than all the Nine Divine Generals of mine era.]

A moment later, Eugard’s fearless face appeared before Groovy’s eyes.

A slash from the Fiend Sword sliced off Groovy’s right ear as he leaned forward, and a kick from his leaping opponent hit him in the midsection, sending his small body flying backward.

But, as he was being sent flying, Groovy undid his waistband, swung his snakewhip sword, put together and fashioned from the fangs of snakepeople, and began to cleave at the head of the pursuing Eugard.

Eugard: [If thou hadst been among the insurrectionists, the life of Mine Star may hath even been in danger.]

As it unwinded, the snakewhip sword unleashed a long, undulating blow akin to the body of a serpent.

Unsparingly dismantling it with the Fiend Sword as it approached him, Eugard appraised Groovy’s fighting strength by comparing it to his own experiences.

And as proof of his honor at that evaluation from the strongest Emperor in all of history, Groovy aligned his feet, and fired two grappling hooks from the cuffs of his trousers in an attempt to shatter both shoulders of his opponent.

Eugard: [Even under such circumstances, thou art as sumptuous as ever.]

As the heels of his feet were whittled down by those grappling hooks, Eugard delivered a kick to Groovy; coughing up blood as a result of that kick, Groovy ripped off the cloth wrapped around his neck, and unfurled it into the air.

For a moment, the line of sight between Groovy and Eugard was obstructed.

Groovy: [Go, fuck, yourSELLLLL――!!]

From the one side of that unfurled cloth, Groovy flicked the Magic Crystal embedded in his throat, and hit Eugard with a surging roar that rumbled the very atmosphere.

From an unseeable position, with an onslaught equivalent to sound itself, it was a surprise attack that was impossible to dodge.

But, against that sound, Eugard displayed the true ability of the Fiend Sword.

――“To get to the point”, there existed such a saying.

It meant to get down to the heart of a matter, but in all things there was an appropriate “point”. No matter the object or phenomenon, or even concept, there existed a “point” that signified its essence.

The Fiend Sword Murasame, was an Enchanted Sword that bisected that perceived “point”.

Murasame hated Groovy, who had melted it down, and reforged it in the past, so in order to prevent his outstanding sense of smell from sniffing it out, it had cut the point of its “scent”.

Since then, it had become impossible for anybody to pursue the Fiend Sword Murasame by scent.

And here, Murasame had cut the surging roar that Groovy had unleashed.

Groovy’s eardrums heard the sound of the Magic Crystal embedded in his throat shattering, and the moment he realized that, the slash of the sword was about to cleave Groovy in twain――,

Groovy: [――――]

A sudden gust of wind had saved the life that should have been severed.

???: [Deary me, that was a real close call. I was just takin’ a stroll and happened ta save yer life, fella.]

With the Curse Tools he had sent forth for an emergency evacuation having all been made powerless, Groovy’s life had been on the verge of eradication; carrying him, the tall figure who had unexpectedly appeared spoke in a laid-back tone.

Groovy was surprised by that sudden interloper, but Eugard could not conceal his shock either.

Not only had he interrupted this fierce battle, but his presence drawing closer had not even been felt until this moment.

Groovy: [ Bashturd… ]

???: [Ah, pushin’ yerself ain’t no good. It was the technique that got cut, but the effect’s goin’ all the way ta yer voice. If ya try force yerself ta speak, you’ll never speak again.]

Responding to Groovy’s voice, which sounded like it was clotted with blood, the person who had perfectly ascertained what had happened―― the wolfman with black fur, let Groovy down.

Then, with his eyes that were as thin as threads, he looked over towards Eugard, who was glaring at him,

Wolfman: [I see. A Curse Tool that can chase ya down ta the ends of the world sure’s useful, and yet it was made powerless with a single arm. However…]

Pausing his words there, the wolfman watched as Eugard’s missing right arm grew back.

As the wolfman had said, the moment the storm of Blood Hatchets had exploded, Eugard had pruned off the entirety of the right arm with blood on its sleeve, and had managed to avoid it.

It was not as though that method of evasion had been outside of Groovy’s consideration, but if one lost an arm, their actions would dull accordingly. Even when keeping the fact that they were an undead in mind, that should not have changed.

Despite all that, Eugard had displayed immutable movements before and after losing his arm.

That had been beyond Groovy’s expectations, and if not for the wolfman’s interference, it would have led to a fatal opening that would caused him to lose his life. ――But, the significance of that was.

Groovy: [ Oi, fuhgger .]

Wolfman: […Just now, did ya call me a fucker?]

Groovy: [ Moar impohrtuntlee…Hk. ]

Wolfman: [I know, I know. I’d be fully aware even if ya didn’t tell me.]

Nodding at the appeal, the wolfman put his golden kiseru in his mouth, and set the tip alight.

Then, while puffing out smoke, he slightly lowered the pitch of his voice and continued.

Wolfman: [Golly, guess there really are some casters who got nasty personalities. ――There ain’t an ounce of love in this.]

Seeing the same thing as the wolfman as he spoke those words, Groovy harbored a similar impression.

Eugard ascertained the feeling of his regrown right arm; holding the Fiend Sword in his left hand, the powerful Emperor of yore threw off the garment that had been singed by the explosion.

――Just like Groovy, the Curse of Thorns had also been planted upon Eugard’s chest.

--- Chapter 49: The King of Thorns ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

——As the one known as the Admirer, Halibel made full use of his title as the Kararagi City-States’ strongest individual.

Even if one surveyed the entirety of the Four Great Countries, they would have no choice but to say that there were no shinobi who surpassed him. Even the Empire’s strongest shinobi , Olbart, would have to make a bitter expression and admit he was the most powerful. Evaluated as an equal to the Sword Saint, the Mad Prince, and the Blue Lightning, alongside the strongest of each nation he had a track record which one could not be ashamed of.

There was only one difference between Halibel and the other three. He did not belong to any nation, proclaiming himself a masterless ronin .

The Sword Saint who was bound by treaty to the Kingdom, the Mad Prince who had been branded a national traitor and confined in the northernmost tower, even the Blue Lightning whose selfishness was renowned around the world held a position.

Only the Admirer Halibel was a free man who held no official position.

Of course, Halibel himself held a sense of gratitude and belonging to his homeland and would sometimes be asked to investigate and resolve serious problems in Kararagi. But, as far as the idea of his existence being owned by someone else was concerned, being used as a bargaining chip in negotiations and transactions was something he was extremely averse to.

——He would side with those he wanted to help, and he would turn his nose up at those things which did not interest him.

That was Halibel’s motto as one of the strongest, and the owner of such a whimsical nature would naturally cause the assessments of those who knew him to be divided into two extremes.

On one hand, there were those who were rejected with a “Without me y’all’d be just fine, just fine, yer remarkable.”

On the other hand, there were others who were accepted with an “It’s amazin’ that yer able ta move someone like me, yer remarkable.”

Either way he always relaxedly spoke of his praise for others, and so he had always been called the Admirer.

Naturally, this was not the only reason for his nickname; no matter what opponent or action he was faced with, it was Halibel’s way of being to give an objective evaluation.

And so——,

Halibel: [Golly, guess there really are some casters who got nasty personalities. ――There ain’t an ounce of love in this.]

Puffing smoke from his kiseru , there was no admiration in the words that escaped Halibel’s mouth.

The tone of his voice was slightly lower, making him sound irritated, something that those who knew him would be surprised by as he was rarely ever displeased.

Halibel did not have a favorable impression of the undead, but there had been a moment when the scope and result of the technique made him feel some admiration for the opponent caster.

But, for the state of the opponent right in front of him, not a single shred of admiration could be found.

Halibel: [————]

Slightly opening his eyes which were as thin as threads, Halibel looked at the opponent in question with his golden irises—— throwing away his tattered garments and wielding an incredibly famed sword was Eugard.

Just moments ago, one of the Nine Divine Generals, Groovy, had been facing off against this formidable enemy, but now he was unable to stand due to the burden of a technique that had become intertwined with his soul.

Seeing that same thing, Groovy, who was beside him, wiped up the blood coming from his mouth.

Groovy: [ Oi, dat’s… ]

Halibel: [I said, don’t force yerself ta talk. I can see it too. ――That kid, he said that he wanted ta leave this ta an expert on curses.]

Stroking his beard with one hand, Halibel recalled the boy that had assigned him to the fourth bastion.

Vincent had acknowledged the boy, who had gathered immense trust for his judgment of his surroundings, enough that even Anastasia held high hopes for him and told Halibel to respect his opinion as much as possible.

Due to his deep knowledge of curse techniques, that boy had assigned him to deal with this opponent who had been said to be a decisive factor in the battle for the Imperial Capital. With all of Anastasia’s boasting, he was eager to fully display the true strength of Kararagi’s strongest.

Halibel: [Really didn’t see this comin’…]

The unenthusiastic Halibel, and Groovy who was at his side, both looked at the same thing.

They were both aware of the left side of Eugard’s chest, where the human heart would be and where a semi-transparent venomous-looking thorn now appeared―― the very same Curse of Thorns that had been indiscriminately disseminated across a large portion of the Imperial Capital was also eating into Eugard.

From this mysterious fact, two possibilities emerged.

The first was that the Curse of Thorns had even engulfed the caster, Eugard, and was an indiscriminate curse in the truest sense of the word.

However, Halibel evaluated that the second possibility had a higher likelihood of being true.

That was to say――,

Eugard: [――Demi-human, answer mine query.]

After he had finished ascertaining that his right hand had regenerated, Eugard cast his voice towards them.

Naturally, the one who had been spoken to, being pierced through by his gaze, was the sudden intruder, Halibel. To that statement Halibel asked “Me?” and pointed to himself with his finger, to which Eugard nodded.

Eugard: [If mine judgment does not err, thou art a wolfman, yes?]

Halibel: [Ahh, that’d be right. I’m a wolfman… since Vollachia went ta the extremes, we’re in a position where we gotta feel ashamed of ourselves throughout the world. Seems like we’re gonna die out soon.]

Eugard: [I see. ――I see.]

It was a joke made about complete eradication, but Eugard merely nodded as if to confirm something, as the joke fell flat. Halibel was suspicious of this situation, meanwhile Groovy raised his hoarse voice to say “ Oi !”,

Halibel: [I told ya, don’t force yerself…]

Groovy: [ Dat’s naut impoartunt, FUHG! Dah Emprouhr of duh Braiyer ish..! ]

Eugard: [――I bear no grudge against thee personally.]

Before Groovy could finish speaking with blood running through his voice, that declaration was made along with a physical form.

The casually wielded Fiend Sword flashed with black, and disregarding Groovy’s presence, it cleaved through Halibel, splitting him in two from his groin to the top of his head.

In just a blink of an eye, Halibel had been split vertically in twain.

Groovy: [――Hk!]

At the terrible scene, Groovy, who hadn’t been able to speak in time, was at a loss for words while Eugard, the one who had cut through Halibel, remained in a posture with the Fiend Sword raised overhead,

Eugard: [However, thy race was once complicit in causing the death of Mine Star. Therefore, akin to the molepeople who bear the same sin, I shall eradicate all of thy kind as an example.]

Halibel: […Ahh, I finally managed ta remember. Ancient Emperor-san, ya were the original cause of us goin’ extinct.]

Eugard: [Hm?]

After speaking words to the opponent he had slain, Eugard scowled upon being given a response.

In front of Eugard, the person who answered was Halibel, whose body had been severed into left and right parts right down the middle. Eugard blinked slowly at Halibel’s body, as each half gradually parted from the other.

Eugard: [That is a surprise. That thou hath yet to perish even in that state, is it perhaps beyond the final destination for those who train themselves to the extreme?]

Halibel: [That’s quite the amusing evaluation. But that ain’t it. ――It just ain’t my real body.]

Just as Halibel laughed playfully, the left and right parts of his body instantly collapsed, and a large amount of black fur fell on the spot.

Drawing attention to such an unrealistic scene, behind Eugard――,

Eugard: [Do not heedlessly sneak upon mine back. It shall not be pardoned for any other than Mine Star.]

Halibel: [Heh, now ain’t that quite the big deal.]

On the opposite side of his collapsed clone, Halibel’s body was cut in half by a slash from Eugard’s right arm―― by the Yang Sword that was held there once again.

However, the bisected upper and lower body that immediately burst into flames were not the main body either.

Having just dealt with the sudden attack to his back, Eugard exclaimed “Ngh” in surprise as his body abruptly sank down.

The cause was a third Halibel, who had grabbed him by both of his legs and dragged him down into the street. Halibel slipped out of the ground, and swapped positions with Eugard who was thus buried up to his waist. It would have been ideal to bury him up to his neck to restrict his movements, but,

Halibel: [It ain’t gonna go so swimmingly, as expected.]

The third Halibel grumbled and was torn to shreds above the burning remains of the second Halibel.

With vertical, horizontal, and diagonal slashes, he made cuts in a grid pattern and blew the pieces of the body apart; having also cut the ground into pieces with those slashes, Eugard jumped out.

Yang Sword in his right hand, Fiend Sword in his left, he had recovered his fighting stance.

While dual wielding two Enchanted Swords that surpassed human knowledge, Eugard readied himself and was assailed by two new Halibels from left and right. It was a sort of revenge against the inexhaustible attack of the undead, but the increase in Halibels was something different to that of the common undead.

Eugard: [Thou art a devoted menace.]

Accepting the fact of Halibel’s clones with equanimity, Eugard swung the two Enchanted Swords simultaneously.

Against the Halibels as they came from the left and right, each Enchanted Sword was readied to unleash a deadly attack―― but, a third Halibel who had appeared behind Eugard, grabbed his arms, and stopped him.

Halibel: [Sorry ‘bout this, but I can actually go up ta three.]

Having detained both his arms, the two Halibels belatedly used their hands to pierce the immobilized Eugard’s head and torso.

As a master of the Flow Method, the sharpness of Halibel’s spear hand was more akin to that of a famed sword rather than a mediocre cutting tool.

Without missing their aim, they pierced Eugard’s right eye and solar plexus, demonstrating their might which was enough to cause an instant death.

However――,

Eugard: [Do not attempt to scheme against mineself. For any other than Mine Star it is irreverent.]

Stating this, his unpierced left eye met Halibel’s and immediately afterwards, the radiance of the Yang Sword shone more brilliantly. The next moment, the red glow burst into flames, and the entire area was instantly engulfed in an inferno, Eugard within it still.

The explosive spread of the fire engulfed three Halibels who were in contact with Eugard, and burnt them to a crisp.

Then, a beat later, the flames disappeared like an illusion, and the three Halibels were all reduced to cinders. Eugard, who had also been scorched, regenerated the burnt surface, and stepped forth unperturbed.

Then, looking around with his golden eyes―― he noticed that Groovy, who had been there just a moment ago, had disappeared.

Eugard: [I had not thought him so courteous as to back down. ――What is thine aim?]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――I ain’t likin’ this. I hate it when someone figures out my tricks.]

Having left Eugard far behind on the battlefield, Halibel shook his head and sighed at how troublesome he was, not just because of his swordsmanship.

Eugard had masterfully handled the powerful magic swords without being overpowered by them.

In addition to his considerable strength, he was virtually immortal due to being an undead, plus being the possessor of a high level of insight. He had also seen through the deception that there was a limit of three clones, and had skillfully responded to deadly situations.

Halibel: [That’s what I’d expect of a man who almost turned the tide of a losin’ war single-handedly. Do ya think he’s prideful?]

???: [If you’re asking me that, fuhg …]

Halibel asked this while holding him, and Groovy thrashed about in his arms as he was being carried away from the battlefield.

Had they remained there, they would have been caught in Eugard’s final burst of flames, making their situation even more unbearable, but there was no cause for him to be so grateful.

After all, as a warrior himself, he could understand why he would not want to be kept back from the battle.

Halibel: [But, ain’t there a chance you’ll die from this? Ta begin with, ya forced yerself ta move yer body with poison… that’s quite the reckless thing ta do.]

Groovy: [――――]

Groovy was slightly surprised that he had pointed that out, and Halibel flicked his own nose with his finger.

As a shinobi who was familiar with all kinds of poisons, he could surmise what the faint strange odor mixed with Groovy’s blood was. As for its use, Halibel would never have imagined or attempted it, and the thought of it caused him to shudder.

Halibel: [Honestly, the people of Vollachia sure are determined n’ scary. Olbart-san, who’s still grinnin’ even tho’ he’s missin’ his right hand, doesn’t even need a mention. Despite bein’ an old man, I ain’t no match for him.]

Groovy: [And, what abouht youh …]

Halibel: [Hmm?]

Groovy: [It’s gonna fuhgging get worse, that’s how it usually is, clumsy curse…!]

Halibel: [――That’s a problem, ain’t it?]

Responding with a hint of confusion in his voice, Halibel replied to Groovy, who slurred as he dealt with his bloody throat that was rapidly getting worse.

This was why he was taking Groovy away from the battlefield, not to abandon his duties and flee the Imperial Capital, but as part of the strategy for victory.

Recklessly challenging an opponent without knowing anything about them was a fool’s errand. Halibel’s strength was such that it could defeat most opponents by sheer force alone, but this opponent was no such case.

That was not to say that his opponent was not superbly talented.

Halibel: [Well, if I were ta keep fightin’ with him like we were, I’m sure I’d be stronger than him. That’s the truth, but――]

Merely defeating Eugard was not enough to fulfill the task that had been given to Halibel.

Halibel had been tasked with dealing with the “curse” that would determine the outcome of the decisive battle for Imperial Capital, and simply defeating Eugard would not solve that problem.

That fact was the biggest problem.

Groovy: [ Yhour, thornshh are…]

Halibel: [They’re all gone. That’s the second clue.]

Groovy: […The first one, is that Emperor’s fucking thorns.]

Groovy, who was being held by Halibel as he ran and kicked the ground agilely, peeked at Halibel’s chest. Beneath his wasou , the Curse of Thorns that should have been on Halibel’s chest was gone.

It emitted an oozing pain, so it was no wonder that it was expected to be the biggest obstacle to be eliminated in the fight against the undead. However, Halibel had yet to take any proactive action to remove it.

The thorns had disappeared despite nothing having been done. On the other hand, it was not Halibel that had made the thorns disappear.

What that meant was――,

Groovy: [That fucking bastard…]

Halibel: [From the sound of it, it looks like you ‘n I are havin’ the same thoughts. It’s reassurin’ ta hear that the Master of Curse Tools’s sharin’ the same opinion as me.]

Groovy: [It’s a fucking mishmash of shit all mixshhhed togetterh . That fucking bastard, the solution is fucking annoying…!]

Groovy cursed out his undirected anger as if spitting.

In the same frame of mind as Groovy, Halibel once again regained his initial misgivings and was convinced that the second possibility, which had come to mind upon sighting the thorns on Eugard’s chest, was the correct one.

The Curse of Thorns, the logical reason why they were entangled in Eugard’s chest was simple.

Halibel: [Them thorns weren’t the Emperor cursin’ the people ’round him, but…]

Groovy: [His Excellency Eugard was cursed by some bastard, and now the curse is being amplified like a motherfucker.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Eugard Vollachia, Emperor of the Briar, had received a curse as part of sabotage concerning the Imperial Selection Ceremony, a rite of succession for the Imperial Throne that had persisted for a long time within the Vollachian Empire.

After all this time, which of his opposing imperial siblings had been responsible, and how distinguished of a Curse Arts User they had been involved with, were unclear still.

Only that, with the forthcoming Imperial Selection Ceremony in mind, the brutal strategy which had intended to diminish the competing opponents had greatly distorted the fate of the young Imperial who went on to become Eugard Vollachia.

――The Curse of Thorns placed upon Eugard, was a terribly cruel yet simple thing.

That was to say, through the binding of thorns, an unbearable agony that gnawed at his heart had been bestowed upon him.

And, that was also something that applied to those in Eugard’s surroundings.

If the young Eugard were to cry and scream at the pain of the curse, his family members and servants would try to save him from it. But, when attempting to get close to him, they would all be caught up in the curse, and would thus refuse to approach.

Within such solitude, the curse aimed to kill Eugard amidst the pain―― that was the true form of the Curse of Thorns placed upon Eugard.

Due to the dreadfully ruthless Curse of Thorns, Eugard should have been unable to even reach the Imperial Selection Ceremony, and should have been a tragic Imperial whose life came to a quick close.

That would have been the synopsis that the person who had ordered for the curse to be placed upon Eugard had in mind; but here, a huge, huge, so huge that it would go on to change the destiny of the Empire, coincidence had arisen.

By birth, Eugard had analgesia, the inability to feel pain.

Therefore, the Curse of Thorns, constantly active as it was, bestowed not pain upon Eugard himself, but granted it, continuously, to those around him only; as a result, he was left completely alone.

Even his family and servants did not approach him, and living by himself in the mansion which had been bestowed to him, Eugard spent his childhood without any opportunities to make contact with others; he thought that this was the reason why his expression was always so stiff, but it was fifty-fifty between that and his natural disposition being the reason.

In any case, Eugard and the Curse of Thorns had miraculously continued to coexist.

His contact with others had been limited to an absolute minimum, but even so, there were times where he had no choice but to make contact. During each of those times, the people who got caught up in the Curse of Thorns would naturally report that “Eugard was the one who placed the curse”, and Eugard had never denied it.

In reality, regarding the true form of the Curse of Thorns, Eugard did not know whether it was something placed on him by somebody else, or if he was the one invoking it for some unknown reason.

Furthermore, the Curse Arts User who had placed the curse, and would thus have the answer, never appeared in Eugard’s life afterwards, and the one who had ordered it remained unknown.

Therefore, with the true form of the thorns that haunted his every step unbeknownst to him, the King of Thorns continued his walk for a long, long time.

Supposing the curse had never been placed upon him, then those steps would have been interrupted somewhere during the Imperial Selection Ceremony, bringing them to a permanent halt.

The thorns isolated Eugard, and the goal of the one who had placed the curse upon him had been fulfilled, albeit not in its original form.

???: [Would it not be more comforting to count the stars in the sky than to look out into the darkness?]

――That was, save for his encounter with the girl, who had stepped into Eugard’s thorns, and had approached him.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [I assumed thou hadst fled, wolfman.]

Halibel: [Well, it ain’t like I didn’t think ‘bout it… Sorry, that’s a lie. I didn’t think ‘bout it in the slightest.]

???: [For what reason hast thou made an attempt to deceive mineself?]

Halibel: [It’s a habit of mine ta be ramblin’ on with loose lips. I’d be delighted if ya could forgive me without takin’ it too seriously.]

???: [The act of deceit against the Emperor is irreverent. Yet, judging how thou hast confessed thy mistake, I shall disregard thy lie from a moment prior.]

Greeting Halibel as he returned to the stage, Eugard drew back his chin in a composed manner.

Without being disagreeable regarding Halibel, who had at one point left the battlefield and then returned, Eugard’s imposing stance had the dignity of an Emperor to it as he spoke.

Even without his strength, his caliber was undoubtedly worthy of being called Emperor.

Halibel: [Ta go n’ make such a person as angry as lava, just what kinda things did ya do, my ancestors?]

At his undetachable connection with Eugard, Emperor of the Briar, Halibel scratched his cheek.

From Halibel’s perspective as a wolfman, Eugard could be called the archenemy of his entire race.

Needing to feel ashamed of their race throughout the entire world, the Vollachian Empire was still to this day an environment in which wolfpeople, and half-wolfpeople of mixed blood―― werewolves, would be unable to escape the death penalty if they were to be discovered. The one who had cemented that as law to last forevermore within the Empire, was none other than this very Eugard.

The two races of wolfpeople and molepeople were established as the sworn enemies who had betrayed the Vollachian Empire, and amidst a long history, many of their brethren had lost their lives, and they were massacred to the verge of extinction.

In the future, that trend was unlikely to be completely lost.

Therefore, from Halibel’s perspective, it was natural for him to harbor an equal amount of hatred towards this opponent, but――,

Eugard: [――Turning such a gaze upon mineself shan’t be pardoned.]

Halibel: [What kinda eyes does it look like I’m makin’?]

Eugard: [Eyes Mine Star would make on occasion. Anyone but Mine Star who turns such eyes upon mineself, I shall not pardon… Nay, ‘tis not to mine fondness.]

Hearing Eugard’s answer, in which there was likely no lie or falsehood, Halibel took a deep breath, and placed his hand over his left breast.

Thereupon, the Curse of Thorns was not present. Upon him, who ought to have been an abominable, detestable wolfman to Eugard, the curse was not being invoked. ――That was something that more so ruffled Halibel’s feelings.

Halibel: [Supposin’ that kid went ‘n sent me here predictin’ that I’d get these feelin’s, then, lil’ Ana, ya really gotta watch out.]

Behind his closed eyelids, envisioning the girl whom he had known since the latter’s childhood, whom who had not ended up growing to be very tall, Halibel held the kiseru in his mouth as he said those words.

Then, setting the tip alight, he got a good whiff of the smoke before puffing it out.

Breathing out, he made up his mind.

Halibel: [It’s fine if ya don’t forgive me, Emperor-san. That’s the kinda relationship between us, ain’t it?]

Eugard: [That sort of relation would be?]

Halibel: [Between wolfpeople, ‘n the Emperor of the Briar.]

They each had a reason to hate the other, and a reason to destroy the other.

Pointing at himself and his opponent, Halibel spoke thus, to which Eugard’s expression did not change. He did not know just how many things were locked on the other side of that invariant expression.

And though he did not know, Halibel had made up his mind.

By merely defeating Eugard, the duty he had been entrusted with, and his own determination, would not be fulfilled.

Therefore――,

Halibel: [I’ll set ya free from that darn disgustin’ curse, ‘n make ya nothin’ more than just a king, O King of Thorns.]

--- Chapter 50: Eugard Vollachia ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Eugard Vollachia was a King who had been forced into solitude.

Having been afflicted with the Curse of Thorns prior to even gaining awareness, he was forced to grow up in a terribly unbalanced environment, with even his family and servants unable to approach him.

With his analgesia, Eugard was able to avoid experiencing the suffering of the Curse of Thorns, of which he was the source, but he did come to understand, from the expressions of pain and screams from those around him, that his existence was a source of torment to people; henceforth, he accepted his life of isolation.

As for the Imperial Selection Ceremony, his chances of winning it were doubtful as well.

Common sense dictated that since he had been afflicted with the Curse of Thorns, it would be very much inadvisable for him to assume the Imperial Throne and be in charge of the national government of the Vollachian Empire.

Even if he could become Emperor, he thought that an Emperor who could never appear in person to meet with important state officials or to negotiate with the leaders of other countries must not exist.

Therefore, once he decided that he should not win the Imperial Selection Ceremony, Eugard had settled that his life would end at his age as of the Ceremony’s beginning.

Until that age, Eugard would gather all the knowledge he could and serve the Imperial Family―― namely, for the improvement and peace of life of the people of the Empire.

With the Curse of Thorns gnawing at him, Eugard had been forced into solitude.

However, despite his circumstances, Eugard did not consider himself unhappy. He did not feel that he was cursed, and as there was a rational answer to the “why”, he did not resent the person who had done it.

Some people were born blind, some were crippled. He thought that his inability to live side-by-side with others was just one of those things.

And, in a world where people constantly lost their lives due to blindness or crippled limbs, he considered himself lucky to have survived thanks to his position as a member of the Imperial Family.

Thanks to his origins from the Imperial Family, Eugard had been able to continue living without family or anyone close to him, as well as never knowing of starvation. Because of that, he would fulfill his duties as a member of the Imperial Family.

While he was sorry for his mother and for the people of his house, he would never be able to seize the throne of the Emperor. ――Then, at the very least, he would use the not-so-long years of his remaining life for the sake of the world that encompassed him.

――Hence, meeting her had been the biggest mistake of Eugard’s life.

It was not because he came to wish for the Imperial Throne, which he had ought to have given up on. Nor had he abandoned the mission of the Imperial Family.

Only, he had ended up with the desire to live. ――To live with Iris, he had ended up desiring so.

△▼△▼△▼△

The Curse of Thorns was something that had been cast upon Eugard Vollachia, its effects designed to force Eugard into solitude.

To achieve that objective, what might be the conditions under which it would manifest its maximum effectiveness?

The opposite of isolation could be said to be love. That was to say, the Curse of Thorns was a curse that kept the people one loved at a distance.

In other words――,

???: [The thorns went ahead ‘n disappeared from my chest, ‘n the fact that they haven’t disappeared for anyone else’s gotta be the answer.]

Biting lightly on the mouthpiece of his kiseru , Halibel murmured while patting his own chest.

Having betrayed the King of Thorns, wolfpeople and molepeople had ended up being labeled as traitors in even the fairy tales that had been passed down for a long time; being one of the former himself, the reason that the thorns had disappeared from his chest, was that Eugard had recognized Halibel as a wolfman, and thus he had fallen outside of the conditions for the Curse of Thorns.

The Curse of Thorns would not be activated unless directed at something one loved.

Halibel: [Bein’ someone with immense affection, I can’t help but wonder who that was bad for.]

Mixing his frustration with the purple smoke, Halibel took a deep drag from his kiseru .

The special tobacco dropped onto the bowl burned out in a single puff, filling Halibel’s unusually large lungs with smoke. In the subsequent instant, biting down on his teeth and tossing the kiseru upwards , Halibel in his black kimono tilted his upper body, and the black hair on his back was slashed by the Fiend Sword being swung diagonally.

Behind him, as the cityscape of the Imperial Capital tilted diagonally in the aftermath of that slash, Halibel’s towering stature stepped forward, along with another three tall figures doing so simultaneously.

Those tall figures were Halibel, each one an exact duplicate of the others.

However――,

Eugard: [That acrobatics feat of thine, I have witnessed erstwhile.]

The Yang Sword wielded in his raised right hand descended, and flames covered the path of the four Halibels.

The hue of the scorching flames was too intense, creating a curtain of flames on the street that even appeared white, forcing Halibel and his duplicates to make a choice. Namely, the options were to leap over the flames or to take a detour―― however, Halibel took neither of these two choices, and instead went for a third.

Halibel: [It’s a lil’ bit different from the trick I showed ya earlier.]

Two of the four Halibels took the lead, thrusting their palms into the rising curtain of flames.

Halibel’s palms, released in conjunction with a step that caused the cobblestones to explode, moved like battering rams that could blow away a shoddily-constructed castle gate in a single strike. However, these two strikes were stopped just short of the flames simultaneously, and the generated wind turned into a storm, blowing away the fire.

Eugard’s expressionless brows moved slightly at the strike, but it was still too early to be surprised.

The two who had lagged behind surpassed the two who had advanced earlier, forcefully slamming the same battering ram palms into Eugard’s torso.

Eugard: [――Hk.]

Suppressing the groan in the depths of his throat, Eugard was blown directly backwards by the impact. However, it was shallow. In an instant, Halibel’s palms were caught by the flat side of the Yang Sword, and he himself was propelled backwards.

Even so, though Halibel’s attack could not be completely nullified, Eugard was forced to recognize the former’s extraordinary martial skills despite his position as Emperor.

Without assuming the position of an Emperor, he would have felt as if he had lost face, as his opponent was solely a shinobi .

But, it could not be helped.

Given Eugard’s constitution, he could not rely on subordinates to protect himself. The Emperor had no choice but to protect himself.

Halibel: [I ain’t gonna hold back.]

Disregarding the circumstances, the pursuit did not ease for Eugard, who had been blown away.

To kill the inertia of flying backward, Eugard slid his toes on the ground and turned towards the voice of Halibel that had sounded nearby, and he attempted to deliver a slash with a twist of his body.

However, the Halibel who was there received the diagonal slash, and promptly disappeared in a scattering of fur. From directly below, another Halibel kicked up, catching Eugard with widened eyes.

Eugard: [Muggh…]

Kicked in the back, Eugard floated in the air and was pounced upon by Halibel from all directions. Present at the frontal, posterior, sinistral and dextral all, were mirror images of wolfmen who swung their hands in karate chops. Eugard, however, was not about to let himself be defeated, and exercised the Yang Sword’s pulverizing ability against them.

In essence, with the atmosphere exploding caused by super-rapid heating, their movement would be disrupted.

The bright, red-hot Yang Sword spun in the explosion, and Eugard’s slash circled in the air as it cleaved all four Halibels in half.

Instantly, the four Halibels erupted in flames―― all of them turning into fur.

Instead, from directly above, an elbow strike as powerful as a battle-axe smashed Eugard in the head, and the Emperor crashed into the streets of Imperial Capital as he spun vertically, creating a circular crater accompanied by the sound of an explosion.

Landing beside the crater, Halibel quickly reached out, catching the kiseru that he had tossed with his mouth just before the collision.

And then――,

Halibel: [That’s somethin’ that’d usually kill ya, but I’m guessin’ things won’t go that easy?]

Eugard: [――Indeed.]

Amidst the dispersing smoke, Halibel’s voice as he looked down into the center of the cavity was met with a calm response.

Though it was quite harsh to not have inflicted any damage despite everything he had done, the outcome had been as expected, so the emotional toll was kept to a minimum. With this current confrontation, Halibel revised his evaluation of the Yang Sword and the Fiend Sword. He had initially considered the Fiend Sword to be more dangerous, but the Yang Sword was proving to be more than formidable.

And more than that――,

Eugard: [Art thou employing both clones with substance and clones that are hollow?]

While raising his body within the crater, Eugard analyzed their combat from just moments prior.

Neither confirming nor denying the observation as correct or incorrect, Halibel licked the blood dripping from the cut that had emerged on his left cheek with his tongue, offering silence as his response.

Eugard: [Such technique would require a blood-curdling ordeal to master. ‘Tis worthy of commendation.]

Halibel: [Well, thanks for that.]

His responses were kept minimal to avoid giving up information unnecessarily, but Eugard’s observation was correct.

Halibel’s “clones” could be divided into two types, those that were merely illusions made of fur, and genuine clones with substance on par with Halibel’s real body.

With this combination, the essence of Halibel’s fighting style evolved around toying with his opponents, and even just the illusory clones were equipped with the ability to completely subdue any average opponent.

The problem was that Eugard was not any average opponent, and furthermore, Halibel’s signature tactic of Curse Arts would not work against him.

Techniques designed to kill would not be effective against an opponent who was already dead.

Not to mention that Eugard’s soul had already been inflicted with a curse so strong that no others could surpass it in that regard.

However――,

Halibel: [If I don’t follow through on the things I’ve decided ta do, I’ll be in for a scoldin’ by lil’ Ana.]

Spinning the kiseru around in his hand, he placed the next piece of tobacco into the bowl and lit it.

Same as before, he filled his lungs with smoke in one go, and deceived his brain with the illusion that his limbs were coursing with strength. Then, towards Eugard, who was in the center of the cavity, his next attack would――,

Eugard: [This shan’t do, as thou art too formidable. I have no choice but to display mine true strength.]

In the next instant, Eugard leapt out of the crater and raised the Yang Sword before him.

As the Yang Sword descended, Halibel promptly intervened, not with a sword, but by catching Eugard’s right arm which held the weapon to block the attack.

Immediately after, the released shockwave passed behind Halibel, reducing the mangled and incinerated remains of the Imperial Capital’s buildings to scattered embers.

At this moment, Eugard only held the lone Yang Sword in his hand. The Fiend Sword he had wielded in his left hand until then had been thrust into the cavity, abandoned.

That was not a decision to relinquish a powerful weapon.

Eugard: [Rather than dual wielding a combination of twain swords I have yet to grow accustomed to, I shall face you with the single blade in which mine mastery doth reside.]

Halibel: [Really now, yer a darn unpleasant person, Yer Excellency the Emperor.]

In all cases, choosing the opponent’s least favored option was originally the style of a shinobi .

Against Eugard, who implemented that with insight and determination, Halibel kept Eugard’s arm restrained, and had his clones step forward from three other directions.

A palm blow and a kick, together with one of them delivering a scatter shot of flying debris by striking a stone they had scooped out from the ground―― Eugard, with his arm held, deflected them away with his overwhelming swordsmanship.

The Yang Sword in his right hand had instantly vanished, then reappeared in his left hand, and through that he was able to blow the three approaching Halibels away whilst scorching them.

Two among them were clones made of fur, but the one to perform the scatter shot had been the actual body.

Sensing the burnt smell of his own fur being scorched, Halibel delivered a karate chop, boring into the cheek of the Eugard as it grazed past, and a few seconds of ultra-high grade combat had begun.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Herein, there lay an irony that ought to be called a twist of fate.

The Curse of Thorns had forced Eugard into solitude, but the curse itself brought no pain whatsoever to Eugard, who had congenital analgesia. However, even if Eugard was divorced from pain, it was a fact that the curse still ate into his body, and that he continued to receive its effects.

In truth, though the young Eugard had not felt pain either, he did experience a suffocating sensation due to the oppressive nature of the curse, and his actions had thus been limited. But, that influence had determined the amount of time he had left, and was rather inconvenient for Eugard, who had already made up his mind concerning the things he wanted to do.

The level of concord between his body and mind was uncertain.

But, at some point, the effects of the Curse of Thorns had stopped having any disturbance whatsoever on Eugard’s body, and Eugard became fully capable of taking action for the sake of fulfilling his own objectives.

That was to say, Eugard’s body had grown to be able to deal with the danger that constantly threatened his life. ――The details of how the strongest Emperor in the history of the Empire had been born lay within that irony.

Having optimized itself in order to simply live, Eugard’s body worked incredibly as a foundation for nurturing his mechanical diligence.

In a position where no guards could be assigned to him, Eugard had trained himself in order to protect himself; having been granted talent, as well as a body that could fully utilize that talent, he continued to grow stronger beyond compare.

Since the Curse of Thorns had made Eugard stronger, this was a meaningless supposition, but his strength and ability with the sword were such that even if the Curse of Thorns had been absent, he still would have been able to wipe out the Nine Divine Generals of that era.

Of course, Eugard’s battles, in reality, almost always consisted of him beheading an opponent suffering from the effects of the Curse of Thorns, and his battles against the Nine Divine Generals had gone mostly the same.

For Eugard, battles were not a contest of strength, but rather a situation in which he must perform the duty of executioner.

Eugard: [I bestow mine praise.]

This was not a widely known fact, but among the Vollachian Emperors throughout history, Eugard Vollachia was the Emperor who spoke those words the most.

Precisely because they stood not on the same base, precisely because he understood he had been granted a position that differed to that of others, Eugard was generous in his praise towards others.

Therefore, this was quite the ironic encounter.

The ironic fact that the Emperor of the Briar, who had given the most praise to others in the history of the Empire, and the wolfman who took that way of being upon himself in the modern day, naming himself the Admirer, were clashing here like this, separated by life and death.

But within this chance encounter, there yet remained another irony that ought to be called a twist of fate.

As mentioned previously, battles had always been a one-sided affair for Eugard.

As the Curse of Thorns ate into his target, Eugard would face off against enemies that could by no means be said to be in perfect or usual condition, and he would behead them; by no other means had he ever attained victory.

That general conception Eugard Vollachia held of “battles”, began to change.

Through his fierce clash against the Admirer, Halibel, a wolfman to whom the curse was not applied, that change was yielded.

Eugard: [Hah――]

As a breath leaked out from his slightly opened mouth, a flash of Eugard’s blade dyed the world in crimson.

The fiery flash of the sword diagonally cut through the air, yet within the path it carved, the figure of the tall wolfman was nowhere to be found. His opponent had ceased producing clones at random, and had altered his movements towards a thorough evasive maneuver.

His objective was not to buy time, but rather to ascertain Eugard’s swordsmanship.

Eugard: [A fine decision.]

Honest praise, complimenting that the correct choice had been made, filled Eugard’s heart.

This resurrected body was in great shape despite the poor quality of its skin, and Eugard even harbored the misapprehension that he could move inexhaustibly.

Of course, that was not the case in reality. This body was not something that could surpass his strength in life, and he ought not to desire anything more excessive than the restoration capabilities whenever the body was broken.

Even the bodies of the undead still felt pain all the same.

Ergo, Eugard stood here alone as the guardian of this location. Even if the others were undead, so long as they entered the range of the curse, they would still be tormented by the binding.

For even if they were undead, Eugard had no intention of indiscriminately inflicting pain upon the peoples of his country.

And above all――,

Eugard: [I do not wish to allow any personage to disturb mine battle against thee.]

A battle, this was indeed a battle.

Contesting his skills against Halibel’s, while altering the very form of the Imperial Capital, Eugard funneled all his might into the arm wielding the Yang Sword, and absorbed himself in his rendezvous with an enemy who refused to die.

Since his birth, since his death, this was the very first time he felt his spirits surge within himself while swinging his sword at another.

The first time Eugard had fatally wounded a person was when an assassin, having broken into the mansion where he lived in isolation from his family, writhed in agony in the courtyard as they held their chest, begging for Eugard to kill them.

Ever since taking his first life at the age of seven, as far as Eugard was concerned, drawing a sword was tantamount to performing an execution.

Though, how was that?

The sensation of wielding his trained swordsmanship to the fullest, yet still only pursuing a life it could not reach, oh what a luscious and esteemed sensation it was.

Eugard: [――――]

His thrust-out arm was caught from above and below by his opponent’s karate chop and knee, pulverizing his elbow. The Yang Sword which had parted from his hand vanished into the air, and transferring it to his intact right hand, it flashed with a horizontal strike.

His opponent evaded it by slipping into the ground, and brushing Eugard’s left hip with his fingertips as he slipped through, a hole around the size of a fist was gouged into his hips.

As he turned around, he made an attempt to reach the distant back with the Yang Sword, but he was thwarted by the outstretched arm of a clone from another direction; simultaneously unleashing kicks at the chest of the other, he was furiously blown away. Blown away. Away.

Eugard: [Half a step.]

Next time, he would take half a step further.

Even though Eugard’s swordsmanship had failed to do so just ten-odd seconds prior, he was confident that he would be able to do so the next time around. It was a feat he had never performed during his lifetime or after his death, however, he could envision innumerable derivative techniques.

That was the growth of an undead, greedy to the point of desperation.

――Forced into solitude by the Curse of Thorns, and with his notion of battles having been altered to that of executions, Eugard Vollachia had never had the opportunity to improve his strength as a warrior.

For the purpose of self-defense, his sword could be trained as much as was necessary due to his unique circumstance, but naught more than that had been required.

That swordsmanship of Eugard’s was now rapidly gaining a vast amount of experience, becoming greatly polished.

Eugard was completely unaware that the being he was facing off against was the strongest being of the Kararagi City-States―― namely, a being among the top-five most powerful individuals within the current world.

But, absorbing such enormous amounts of combat experience through this confrontation of which he was ignorant, as an undead, Eugard was allowed to grow into a being that greedily became stronger, to an extent much greater than he had been during his lifetime.

Eugard: [I bestow praise… Nay, I thank thee.]

Therefore, what spilled from Eugard’s mouth was not commendation, but rather gratitude.

A descendent of the abhorrent wolfpeople, had brought about a powerful emotion which Eugard had never felt during his lifetime. Since that was not a displeasing sensation, there ought to have been an appropriate evaluation of the one who had presented it.

That was something that had come from the bottom of Eugard’s heart.

Halibel: [Ya don’t gotta thank me. ‘Cause after all, I’m gonna win.]

As ever, Halibel’s quick comebacks were irreverent, but even that irreverence was refreshing.

When he thought back on it, Eugard had scarcely experienced being talked back to, perhaps because people did not want to oppose the Curse of Thorns. Aside from those who had chosen to betray him, it was essentially only Iris who had ever expressed her opinions to Eugard――.

Eugard: [――O Star of Mine.]

In front of Eugard as he muttered so, the figure of the wolfman faded like mist.

Combining a peculiar walking technique with an unbelievable movement speed, an optical illusion occurred in a form differing from that of the clones. At the sensation of afterimages being left in his consciousness, Eugard could not help but admire that versatility.

However, there was no need for him to be deluded by such a cheap trick. The approaching presences were from directly above, and from his left and right; at the signs that lethal strikes were furiously closing in, Eugard turned the other way, utterly undaunted.

Then, going half a step further than last time, he stepped towards the rear.

Eugard: [Thou plainly scatterest thy presence. ――Ergo, the direction bereft of any presence is where thou truly residest.]

Halibel: [Guh.]

His angle of turning around had been insufficient, but still the bottom of the Yang Sword’s hilt sunk into Halibel’s side. The moment he received the sensation of his opponent’s bone shattering, Eugard immediately channeled heat into the Yang Sword’s blade―― the yielded explosion allowed the bottom of the hilt to bury itself even deeper, crushing Halibel’s insides.

Eugard: [OHHHHHH――!!!]

With an impact so powerful that it broke his own wrist, Eugard blew Halibel away.

Realizing that he had involuntarily roared as he blew his opponent away, Eugard gained a slight shock. Within Eugard’s vision, the blown-away Halibel crashed into the rampart, and the wall violently fissured; the tall wolfman threw out his legs, and lowered his head.

That had been all of Eugard’s might. He had unleashed a tremendous blow, the most polished blow he had ever fired off in all his time both alive and posthumously.

That sensation was being updated again and again during his fight against Halibel. Half a step, he had taken half a step further. Next time, he might even go half a step further, and then half a step further again.

Or even further, further beyond, to where scenery, the likes of which Eugard had never before seen, was stretched out.

If Halibel stood back up, if he continued to fight, he might be able to grasp that. Henceforth, rise, rise, rise and do battle ; as Eugard recognized that he was thinking this from the bottom of his heart――.

Eugard: [――I must hasten to the side of Mine Star. I am finished with thee.]

Taking the upsurge of spirits approaching their peak and his strong emotions as a warrior, he twisted them into love towards Iris.

Halibel: [――――]

He shall admit to it. His battle against Halibel had indeed raised his spirits.

In every conceivable meaning, this had been a stimulus which he had never experienced in either his lifetime or his time after death. He had gained the perspective that upon that path of enhancing himself, which he had not gone down before in his life, such scenery existed.

He did not know whether he would ever be able to have an experience as significant as this in the future.

However, even so, no matter what.

Eugard: [It doth not compare to having Mine Star within mine sight, even if that is for but a blink of an eye.]

That was Eugard’s sense of values, something that had never changed in both his lifetime, or after his death.

No matter the unknown stimuli or elevation of spirits, they would not be able to reach Eugard, who knew Iris.

Despite having understood that he ought to relinquish it, that he ought to give up on it, the reason Eugard had desired the Imperial Throne was because he understood that without it, he would not be able to keep the time he had with Iris for even a second longer.

Since he had obtained the Imperial Throne in exchange for that selfishness, even though the time after he had lost Iris was far longer than the time he had spent with her, he continued to fulfill his duties as Emperor.

Eugard Vollachia was the Emperor who had spent the least amount of time in the Crystal Palace of the Imperial Capital during his reign.

After losing Iris, Eugard had spent most of his life as Emperor by his lonesome. He had even concluded the objective of producing successors with a minimal amount of contact, dedicating his life to the Empire.

Everything else in his life, he used for the sake of Iris.

Therefore――,

Eugard: [――I shall slay thee, O sable wolfman.]

Declaring that any further time was unnecessary, Eugard took the Yang Sword in his hand, and turned his feet towards the rampart.

Then, he aimed to burn the collapsed Halibel to a crisp with a flash of the sword―― he had been unable to do so. Having just attempted to swing the Yang Sword, Eugard’s right arm burst open at the shoulder.

Eugard: [What?]

At the impact that gave him no sensation of being pierced, Eugard raised his eyebrows. But, the pinnacle of his shock lay at what occurred right after. ――The arm of the undead did not begin to regenerate.

Having been shattered like ceramic, fragments of his right arm scattered, and the Yang Sword was thrust into the ground.

And then――,

Halibel: [――Finally found the deadspot.]

Akin to an exhale, Halibel spoke in a low voice as he stood up from the rampart. The wolfman, leaning his back against the fissured wall as he stood up, placed his kiseru in his mouth once again.

Slowly, he placed tobacco into the bowl, snapped his fingers to set it alight, and breathed the smoke into his lungs. While beholding that action, Eugard placed his hand over the injury of his right arm which was not recovering.

The arm that had disappeared from his right shoulder onwards showed no signs of starting to regenerate.

He clearly understood. Eugard’s right arm had been the first part of his resurrected body to die anew.

The one who had done that was Halibel who stood before his eyes, and it seemed to be the result of the “deadspot” of which he had spoken.

Eugard: [There yet remaineth an abundance of things of which I am unaware.]

Halibel: [Ain’t that right. It’s fantastic that I was able ta teach ya that. The wolfpeople were ‘bout ta be wiped out just before I could do so.]

Clearing his throat with a laugh, Halibel nodded as smoke escaped his nostrils.

The versatility of this wolfman had impressed him repeatedly, but this was the highest grade. To think he was even equipped with a technique to kill the undead, his skills and expertise were terrifying.

Eugard: [In the same manner as thou hadst rended mine arm, shalt thou take even mine life?]

Halibel: [That was my intention for observin’ ya after all. Seems like it’ll be a lil’ tough, but… Well, I think I’mma be able ta do it, don’t’cha agree?]

Eugard: [Thy boasting is irreverent. However, as it is refreshing, I shall forgive it.]

Drawing the Yang Sword out of the ground with his remaining left hand, he faced Halibel. Though he could not read the expression of Halibel, who stood with a loose posture, that statement and demeanor were audacious, and they were no bluff.

Eugard’s opponent had also made preparations to slay him. As the bugging passion within his chest, something he had become aware of for the first time, surged once again, he immediately trampled it.

Feeling an unknown avarice within himself, he could clearly state this.

There existed no radiance in this world that could satisfy Eugard more than Iris.

That was why――,

Eugard: [――Sixty-First Emperor, Eugard Vollachia.]

Halibel: [――Admirer, Halibel.]

They gave their introductions, and in the next moment, the figures of both Eugard and Halibel disappeared, as time itself vanished.

Eugard: [――――]

Behind each of them as they plunged forth, the kicked ground exploded, and clouds of smoke immediately erupted. Using those explosions as a propelling force, the dozens of meters between Eugard and Halibel had disappeared.

With such extreme speed that it appeared as if the world had shrunk, Eugard’s blade sliced through the air in anticipation. The unleashed slash of red dyed its diagonal path a deep crimson, and releasing heat a moment belayed, a scorching temperature capable of melting even stone and turn it to liquid was produced.

However, Halibel slightly inclined his body to evade that slash, and only suffering the flesh of his back being slightly singed red at his right shoulder, he pressed forth.

Then, towards Eugard, who lacked an arm, Halibel sprang his front leg up and kicked; Eugard raised up his knee and caught the blow, and a shockwave exploded between the two of them.

The shockwave blew the flames and rubble around them away, and at a distance where they could feel each other’s breaths, they furiously traded blows. Between karate chops and the treasured sword of crimson, between kicks and elbows, ramming and grappling techniques interlaced, and the blink of close combat chipped away at Eugard’s body, piece-by-piece.

But, his opponent had also sustained damage.

Strangely enough, despite having an arm missing, the degree of wear and tear on both sides was around the same.

Therefore, in order to secure victory, Eugard took half a step further mentally.

Eugard: [――The Yang Sword Vollachia.]

In the midst of their rally, the treasured sword, its name having been called out, vanished from Eugard’s hand.

Sheathed into the sky, it was a supreme treasured sword that could be freely drawn again. Having relinquished it, the left hand that had become empty caught Halibel’s knee, and he crossed gazes with his opponent’s thread-like eyes.

As irony would have it, the eyes of the wolfman and the undead were both of golden hue; just what did those eyes see? Putting strength into his jaw, enough to bite through the mouthpiece of his kiseru , Halibel’s body greatly bent backwards.

Above his head, the Yang Sword, having been unsheathed from the sky, nearly grazed him.

The Yang Sword that had been sheathed in the sky, was drawn again from the sheath that was the sky. By utilizing that mechanism of sheathing and unsheathing the sword, Eugard performed a deadly strike―― though it was the first time he had used it, it had been magnificently dodged.

However, with his stance broken, Halibel used his momentum from bending backwards to place his hands on the ground, and furiously performed backwards somersaults to avoid, avoid, and avoid the successive slashes.

As Halibel escaped from him, Eugard took a moment to charge up his next sword slash―― he noticed something.

Eugard: [――――]

Beyond Halibel as he somersaulted rearwards, laid the crater in the ground which Eugard had made.

And towards that cavity, a small figure from outside the battlefield leapt―― it was Groovy. Groovy Gumlet, who ought to have withdrawn from the warfront, leapt whilst coughing up blood.

At the end of his trajectory, the Fiend Sword was lodged within the crater, and reaching his hand towards it――,

Eugard: [Magnificent coordination. ――However…]

He did not call the sudden intrusion an act of cowardice.

He had been aware of Groovy’s existence from the outset. For Groovy to assist Halibel in the eleventh hour was only natural, since they were allies, or rather, anything else would not have made sense.

But, he would not allow that action. Overcoming even that, Eugard would be victorious.

Eugard: [――I shan’t allow thee to take the Fiend Sword.]

Holding the Yang Sword aloft, Eugard threw it at Groovy as the latter leapt towards the cavity.

That instant, the speed of the treasured sword accelerated as it spewed fire, and becoming a ray of crimson light, it went past Halibel’s flank, and made a mad dash towards Groovy.

Even if he had let go of it, the forte of the Yang Sword was such that he could return it to his hand at any given moment.

After the treasured sword skewered Groovy, he would recall the Yang Sword to his hand and challenge Halibel. Rather, at this moment, it was a delightful miscalculation that his body was now lighter without the Yang Sword as he pursued Halibel.

Of course, he had also considered the possibility that Halibel had aimed for this, and would counterattack, so he readied himself, and――,

Groovy: [――Hk.]

The thrown Yang Sword flew in a straight path and skewered Groovy’s small body.

Even though Groovy had twisted his body, the treasured sword of crimson yet pierced his right side. As the blade bore deep into his body, Groovy widened his eyes and coughed up a blood clot at that impact, and then, an ear-splitting screech――,

Groovy: [――We got you, fuckface.]

Had not been let out.

Instead, Groovy’s bloodstained mouth smiled, and he stretched out his finger to point at Eugard. There was disrespect, but surpassing even that, there was a shock that occurred within Eugard’s vision.

With just one more step to go ahead of him, Groovy’s hand did not reach the Fiend Sword, but even though he had not touched it, it snapped out of the crater as if to escape from his hand, and flew away.

Groovy: [Just so you know, this bitch-ass katana fucking loathes me…]

It was reasoning beyond his comprehension, however, such strange idiosyncrasies were an unavoidable part of Enchanted and Treasured Swords.

Snapping out, the Fiend Sword fled from the cavity while revolving, and caught by a hand covered in black fur, the bewitching luster of the blade flickered.

――With Fiend Sword in hand, Halibel readied himself before Eugard.

Eugard: [――――]

For a brief moment of combat, Eugard immediately recalled the Yang Sword; with the treasured sword no longer inside of him, Groovy’s abdomen spilled a vast amount of blood.

But, Eugard had certainly taken up a weapon, and brandished it towards Halibel, who shouldered the Fiend Sword.

Then, as the flash of crimson swung down from overhead, it was unleashed as a blow that updated the most supreme swordsmanship in all Eugard’s time both alive and after death――,

Halibel: [Really now, that’s just so darn praiseworthy. ――If it weren’t me, that woulda completely destroyed anyone on the receivin’ end.]

Eugard: [What an arrogant manner of speech. However, taking that preeminent feat into consideration, I shall forgive it.]

As Halibel made that statement at such a close distance, Eugard drew his chin back without altering his expression.

Suffering a conclusive blow from the Fiend Sword that surpassed even the finest brandish of Eugard Vollachia, Eugard’s body was severed obliquely.

Halibel had been the one to perform that feat, and around the left side of his chest, the Curse of Thorns was coiled.

The fact that Eugard Vollachia truly felt admiration from the bottom of his heart in regards to the Admirer, Halibel, was something that, without a single word needing to be said, was exceedingly obvious between the two who had crossed swords.

--- Chapter 51: Tennozan ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Through the strategy devised by Natsuki Subaru, the Rescue the Vollachian Empire from Destruction Squad had dispersed to various places in the Imperial Capital.

It was a strategy that aimed to have them all coordinated and so that they would not interfere with each other as they each accomplished their respective roles, but the most important part of it was not actually any of the faces fighting in the Imperial Capital.

The key to this strategy was, decisively, all the strength of the Empire that had been left behind in the Fortified City of Garkla.

With military forces deployed throughout at a massive scale, large city carried personnel equivalent to the brains and heart of Vollachia.

For how long would they have to hold back the hosts of undead marching on the city in order to seize it? That was undoubtedly the time limit imposed on the ultimate decisive battle on which the survival of the Vollachian Empire was staked; not only that, but in addition to the Empire, the destiny of the entire world would be divined by this important point.

By gathering as many of the undead to the Fortified City as they could, it would become easier for the Rescue from Destruction Squad to take action in the Imperial Capital. But at the same time, if the Fortified City were to fall, even supposing the Imperial Capital side were to succeed, it would likely be impossible for the Empire to rebuild in the aftermath.

That was to say――,

???: [――Undoubtedly, this shall be as decisive as “ Tennozan ”.] [1]

Wielding a Knight’s sword, while speaking words that were not very familiar to his ears, Julius Juukulius ran across a rampart of the Fortified City with his tall stature, gallantly fluttering through the air.

The elegant Knight directed the tip of his sword towards a horde of undead clinging to the rampart, trying to invade the city. Thrusting their weapons into the wall, the enemies climbed upwards while making improvised footholds; spinning as he swooped down upon them, Julius’s sword flashed unrelentingly.

Julius: [I will not allow it!]

The arms and backs of the undead clinging to the wall were showered in slashes as they were felled to the ground.

And, as Julius jumped upon one of the blades they had been using as a foothold, he turned his eyes to the countless weapons that had been thrust into the wall, and,

Julius: [Aro! I wish to borrow your wind!]

After calling that out, a green wind burst forth, and as if coiling around them, it pulled all the weapons out from the wall they had been lodged into, and the toils of the undead that had been building up those footholds, were reduced to naught in a single stroke.

Finally, breaking the sword he stood upon with a jump, Julius returned to the top of the rampart.

While tickling the green light of his contracted Spirit, Julius took a slight breather.

He had succeeded in hindering the enemies that had been clinging to this wall, but he could not afford to be careless.

Even if they broke past the city’s utmost outer wall, there was still a second-most, and third-most outer bulwark, and even more sturdy fortresses, but nevertheless――,

???: [It is faster than we had expected for them to have already gotten this close .]

Julius: [――Miss Taritta.]

Standing atop the rampart, calling out to Julius as he caught his breath, was a dark-skinned woman with part of her black hair dyed blue―― the female warrior who commanded the People of Shudraq, Taritta.

Since every member of the tribe wielded bows, the Shudraqian warriors could attack the undead from afar, and they were one of the primary forces in holding the Fortified City against the siege. Taritta, whose skill with the bow stood out in particular, even among the excellent archery of the Shudraq, was one of the cornerstones of the current defensive battle.

In fact, just like Julius, who had just removed the weapons that had been thrust into the rampart, she was obstructing the undead from surmounting the wall by firing arrows from atop the rampart.

He admired how truly reliable her skills were, but her words were a cruel reality that could not be ignored.

Julius: [――In such a short period of time, the front line has been pushed back to this extent.]

As he said that, Julius turned his gaze to the outside of the ramparts and stroked the scar underneath his left eye.

Ahead of Julius’s intrepid gaze, the heads of the advancing hosts of undead could be seen swaying all the way to the horizon, so it was visually apparent that an extraordinarily large army was approaching.

The line of defense that had originally been deployed outside the ramparts had been broken through, and the Imperial Soldiers fighting on the outside had been forced to draw the warfront back and downsize. Though of course, when considering the enormous number of enemies, there was no doubt that they had foreseen that this would happen eventually.

Taritta: [The occasional formidable undead among them are quite difficult to deal with , aren’t they ?]

Julius: [I concur. As soon as they are found, there is no choice but to have a capable individual in close vicinity deal with them, but…]

Indeed, it happened right as Julius uttered those words.

???: [――Hk!!]

On the battlefield below them, the group that had been fighting together as one single mass were blown away all in one go.

Looking down, what had flown through the air whilst raising thick screams, were members of the Pleiades Battalion, whom Subaru had hastened to the Imperial Capital with as reinforcements.

Through some perplexing strategy, it was a battalion composed of individuals who each boasted bizarre strength; having blown away its members, scattering them, was someone holding large swords in both of their arms―― no, with both of her arms entirely transformed into large swords, was a female undead of a dreadful, heinous appearance.

???: [Fuck… now you’ve really gone and done it…!]

???: [Waitwaitwaitwait! Don’t go rushin’ in without a plan! Bro’ll need to shoulder the burden!]

???: [Fall back! We’ll have everyone surround her and then take her down!]

Before the heinous undead, the group that should have been done for stoutly stood back up.

Without incurring any casualties, their undeterred fighting spirit was worthy of praise, but even from Julius’s perspective, the strength of that female warrior was unmistakably first-class.

Thinking that he must rush there at once, Julius was about to leave the rampart to Taritta, and jump down below――,

???: [――Nah, Lion Knight-kun is already there.]

Striking upon Julius’s eardrums, was a voice disproportionately cheerful for the battlefield. The information brought about by that voice, did in fact give rise to change on the battlefield beneath them.

Having rushed over to the warrior who dual-wielded large swords, golden mace in hand, was Goz.

Goz: [I have never had the opportunity to face you, but neither is there a chance that I could mistake you! So you have been resurrected, Gladiator Empress!!]

As Goz roared, his mace and the female warrior’s large swords collided, and a shockwave blew violently across the battlefield.

Between the two of them, extremely heavyweight weaponry which an ordinary person would never be able to lift traded blows, and the ensuing violence scattered the surrounding Imperial Soldiers and undead, tossing them around like a storm.

It was a skirmish where one must stand their ground, but he had ceased advancing towards it. It was best to entrust that place to Goz.

Julius: [I thank you for stopping me, Flop-dono.]

Flop: [Ha-ha-ha, no problem! It’s just because I had to let Finest-kun and Taritta-san focus on the battle right in front of them! This is about all that my powerless self can do to be useful!]

Smiling without getting worked up was Flop, whose bright attitude remained unchanged even on the battlefield.

As a non-combatant, and brother to a candidate for Empress Consort, he should have been ordered to be on stand-by within the fortress. He had shown up on a rampart which could have even been called the front line, so Taritta was shocked.

Taritta: [Flop!? Why are you here …?]

Flop: [Huh, it’s because the situation appears to be one of all-out war. Providing aid to the wounded, repairing equipment, there’s tons of stuff like that for people who can’t fight to do. Naturally, I’m also one of those people.]

Patting his slim chest, Flop held out a quiver to Taritta.

Taritta accepted it without a second thought; she already carried a quiver on her back, but the remaining number of arrows was not an amount she could depend on, so Flop’s resupply was just what she needed.

So then, he had probably also walked along the rampart distributing quivers to the other Shudraqians.

Including the non-combatants, everybody was taking part in this battle. His attitude embodied those words.

Flop: [How’s the situation?]

Taritta: [――. Everybody is fighting hard . If we keep up the defensive battle , we will be able to defend the wall for some time . But also …]

Julius: [It would be a different story if a flying dragon rider were to appear among our opponents.]

Taritta responded to Flop’s question, and as she hesitated to continue, Julius provided the conclusion in her stead. At that reply, Flop’s expression earnestly stiffened.

Given that he was a young man who was always cheerfully smiling, that slight action was strangely impactful. But, it was only natural for his expression to become severe.

The people of the Vollachian Empire were more than aware of how incredible flying dragon riders were.

Flop: [――――]

Right after the battle had begun, through a simultaneous attack by Julius and the People of Shudraq, the deceased flying dragons that had closed in as the first wave―― the undead flying dragons had been deterred. Thereafter, all the threats from the sky that sporadically came flying in were reliably dealt with by the Shudraqians, who had been granted the duty of undead flying dragon hunting.

However, that was only possible because there were no undead serving as flying dragon riders among their opponents.

The ability of untamed flying dragons was incomparable to that of flying dragons that were united with a flying dragon rider.

Just a single pair of flying dragon and rider would likely be able to overpower even a flock of one hundred flying dragons in a clash. That was how exceptional flying dragon riders, who tactically utilized the sky, were.

――In the past, Julius had once crossed blades with a flying dragon rider.

Back then, he had miraculously seized victory thanks to the assistance of Ferris, who had been traveling with him, but had Julius been by himself, the positions of winner and loser would have surely been flipped.

There would likely never be another flying dragon rider to that caliber within the Empire, but, if rather than just undead flying dragons appearing on this warfront against the undead, there were to appear an undead flying dragon rider mounted upon one, the situation would completely change.

Flop: [Of course, a deceased flying dragon rider and their beloved dragon being revived together… because the precedent of that is extremely rare, it’s conceivable that the city’s skies have still yet to be taken.]

That opinion of Flop’s was likely correct when inspecting the current siege situation.

Flying dragon riders were a threat, but it took a long time for riders and their flying dragons to build trust, and without man and dragon undoubtedly becoming one, their true value could not be displayed.

That rule was something that could not be ignored, even supposing they were dead people being resurrected via principles beyond the realm of reason.

Without an undead rider and undead flying dragon that had been together since they were alive, the phenomenon of “undead flying dragon riding” could not be actualized.

At present, that was likely the reason why there were no undead flying dragon riders seen in the skies of the Fortified City.

Julius: […But, it is ironic that the one rare instance of it occurring happened to be the most formidable flying dragon rider.]

Denying that faint relief, was the existence of the undead flying dragon rider which Julius had ascertained with his own eyes.

The undead who had appeared in the midst of the battle on the coupled dragon carriages―― Balleroy Temeglyph, sitting astride the deceased beloved dragon with whom he had been together while alive, had plunged into the midst of the enemy with his overwhelming mobility.

If he were to participate in this battlefield, it was quite likely that he would destroy the Fortified City’s warfront as a single rider.

Even if he had not yet shown up at this moment, that possibility could not be excluded.

Flop: [――I don’t think you need to worry about that.]

Julius: [Flop-dono?]

Flop: [It’d be different if there were other flying dragon riders who were being resurrected, but I don’t think you need to worry about Balleroy showing up.]

With a tone and expression of extreme conviction, Flop denied Julius’s vigilance.

Julius knit his brows at that statement, and while firing arrows at the undead clinging to the wall, ascertaining that she had hit the opponent’s knee, Taritta spoke,

Taritta: [How can you say that definitively ?]

Flop: [Because Balleroy knows that Medium and I were on the coupled dragon carriages. Naturally, he’d also be thinking that we’re in this Fortified City. It’d be hard for him to come and lay waste to this place, right?]

Taritta: [ That’s …]

Flop replied with a single eye closed, to which Taritta was at a loss for words.

Julius was in agreement with Taritta’s reaction. It was impossible to say that Flop’s point had any persuasive power to it. If he had hopes for the undead Balleroy’s emotions and compassion, then――,

Julius: [Unfortunately, there is likely no hope for the humanity that they possessed during their lifetimes. The thoughts of the zombies … of the undead are being twisted. If not for that, it would be impossible for so many of the dead to participate in the ruin of their own country.]

In fact, there was such an enormous number of undead mobilizing that they had blanketed the plains all the way to the horizon.

It was difficult to imagine that all of these undead had truly resented the Vollachian Empire during their lifetimes, and were all trying to carry out their long-cherished desire as soon as they were revived.

It was natural to think that the caster who had resurrected them, was manipulating the undead for their own benefit.

As Julius pointed that out, Flop scratched his cheek with a “Yeah” as he nodded.

Flop: [I have the same opinion as Finest-kun. In the first place, the thoughts of all the dead people are being changed. But still, I’ve seen that there are parts that haven’t changed.]

Julius: [So, are you saying that only Balleroy-dono still retains his emotions and compassion?]

Flop: [That would be a great shock to my feelings! But, that’s not it, Finest-kun. Though, I think that you and Taritta-san would have an easier time noticing it than I did.]

Taritta: [We would ?]

Without having any idea, Julius and Taritta exchanged glances.

Something that not Flop, who had shared a relationship with Balleroy during his lifetime, but rather Julius, whose blade had clashed with his spear, and Taritta, who had never even seen his face, could notice, that was――,

Flop: [――It’s their fighting style.]

Julius: [――――]

Flop: [Even if their thoughts have changed from when they were alive, to dispossess them of their fighting style would make it meaningless to resurrect the person in question. That’s why, all of the dead people have the same fighting style as they did during their lives. Am I mistaken?]

Julius: […I cannot say anything for certain, but that possibility seems high.]

It was not as if he was deeply aware of the forms that the undead he fought took during their lifetimes, but Flop’s conjecture should have been right on the mark.

At Julius and Taritta’s affirmative reaction, Flop smiled.

With some traces of nostalgia and sorrow, it was a terribly melancholic smile.

Flop: [Supposing Balleroy were to come here, he would’ve come here at the outset before anybody else, shooting out the vital points of this city. The Magical Sharpshooter, Balleroy Temeglyph, didn’t serve as the vanguard. That’s my basis for thinking that Balleroy isn’t coming to this battlefield.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Balleroy Temeglyph was a man of principle who hated letting his subordinates recklessly die in vain.

However, that did not mean he hated the “law of iron and blood” employed by Vollachia, nor did that mean he was a philanthropist who stood in opposition to imperialism.

The Imperial Way of thinking, which esteemed the strong and oppressed the weak, was something rather convenient for Balleroy, who had been born into a humble commoner household. It would not make sense for one to use that construction of society to rise in the world, and then flip-flop upon gaining status.

But then again, Balleroy himself had not thought so deeply about it, and he was not particularly committed to imperialism. He had just been lucky that what was already there was compatible with his nature and talents.

Ergo, Balleroy’s hatred for his soldiers dying in vain was ultimately unrelated to imperialism.

This was a way of thinking that Balleroy had acquired from teachings given to him by others.

――In the formation of Balleroy’s character, there had been two primary individuals who had imparted a great influence.

The first had found promise in his talents and picked him out, granting him opportunities such as receiving education and meeting his beloved dragon; his benefactor, Serena Dracroy.

The other had used an undiscerning Balleroy, still a young boy, to successfully deal with the pursuers who were after him for stealing; having met the embodiment of mischief itself, he was someone like a big brother to him, Miles.

Through his encounters and days spent with those two people, who possessed a mix of qualities that were both befitting and unbefitting of the Empire, the character of the individual known as Balleroy Temeglyph was constructed.

And, having been constructed, Balleroy’s humanity very much hated for his subordinates to die in vain.

Subordinates were individuals who were within his reach, they were his people. ――He hated for his people to be sacrificed.

That was why, with the odds of victory having been decided beforehand, when taking part in the rebellion devised for the Emperor’s convenience, Balleroy had not taken any of his subordinates with him, and instead joined by his lonesome.

In the end, he had lost his life because of that, so Balleroy’s decision had been mistakenly correct.

――If one were to fight, the deaths of enemies and allies alike would be unavoidable.

He would also take the lives of others. He could not say that he wanted for that rule to only not apply for his people. But if he was to try to have things go that way, he could not rely on outside help, for it could only be fulfilled by his own strength.

Therefore, the conclusion Balleroy Temeglyph had arrived at, was that of the fastest sniper.

As the wings of his beloved dragon raced through the sky, he would create an ideal opening, and would shoot out the beings that were the vitals and heart of the opposing side―― that was the best method for his desires to be granted.

Balleroy was a man of the Empire. No matter how many of his enemies died, his chest would not ache in the slightest.

But, he did not want his own people to die. That was why, Balleroy’s sniping desired the fastest conclusion. Without regard to enemies or allies, he was confident that this was the best method of preventing casualties among his people.

Hence――,

Balleroy: [――I gotcha, Carillon.]

Responding to the call of his deceased beloved dragon, Balleroy stood up from the side of the bed.

In the bed before them, an unconscious Madelyn was silently asleep. ――Currently, her consciousness was back inside the dragonhusk, Mezoreia.

Needless to say, the violent force of a Dragon was far too dangerous an excessive force to wield in the Imperial Capital.

But, it was frightening that when considering the enemies that could potentially face off against it, “excessive” was not a term that could be employed with certainty.

Balleroy: [I know I’m someone who once served, but you guys are absolutely nuts, you Empire folk.]

A Dragon was supposedly the toughest lifeform in this world, so it was a strange notion to have an idea of monsters that could not only compete with, but surpass one.

With his title, he had also been ranked among those individuals, but Balleroy himself did not think that his skills were on par with those who towered above all else like that.

Only, it was just that there was absolutely no correlation between being strong and seizing victory.

Stroking the sky-blue hair on Madelyn’s forehead, Balleroy began to head towards the balcony where his beloved dragon awaited. Midway through, he grabbed the spear that was leaning against the wall, and Carillon directed its back toward him, wings folded as it stood on the white balcony.

As he stroked the base of one of its wings, his beloved dragon nuzzled against Balleroy’s shoulder with its long neck.

That was exactly the relationship they had shared ever since Carillon had hatched from its egg. Carillon’s habits had not changed from the time it was still small and weak, a baby flying dragon.

Balleroy: [Habits and preferences won’t change even if you die… Though, I guess I can’t speak for others.]

Saying that in a self-deriding tone, he flicked up the hand that had been stroking and gave a firm pat to the back. As Carillon lowered its posture at that signal, Balleroy gallantly jumped upon its back, and faced to the fore.

Taking in a sweeping view of the vast Imperial Capital just outside of the Crystal Palace’s balcony, the beautifully organized cityscape was devastated, destroyed, and engulfed in the air of a battlefield all throughout.

This atmosphere was not just present in the Imperial Capital, but throughout the entire Empire―― it was especially potent around the Fortified City of Garkla, where great hosts of undead were being sent.

The Fortified City had received the refugees and Imperial Soldiers who had evacuated from the Imperial Capital, and a vehement battle was now unfolding there. Originally, Balleroy also should have been an attacker in the siege of that city.

However――,

???: [――The sensation of losing your nerve, I am also in the process of understanding it. Since there is fear that you may be unable to perform to your usual ability, it cannot be said to be appropriate. Command: Required.]

The caster who had revived Balleroy―― the Witch who called herself Sphinx, spoke thus as she decided to keep Balleroy in the Imperial Capital. Rather than concern for Balleroy, it felt more like she wanted to ascertain the unknown flavor of the sensation that was budding within herself for the first time.

Of course, there was also no doubt that there were expectations for Balleroy to control Madelyn, who had defected to this side, in order to secure the Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia, as an ally.

He had several reservations about the duty that was expected from him, but even without that, it was convenient for Balleroy to remain in the Imperial Capital.

Because, then things would end without him needing to encounter his siblings who had likely entered the Fortified City―― was not the reason.

This was something Sphinx had judged, and it was also something Balleroy himself had intuited, but,

Balleroy: [If it were His Excellency, he’d come for sure, wouldn’t he?]

The Vincent Vollachia that Balleroy knew was a cool-headed, stern Emperor.

Even if the castle lord would never move during times of peace, they would always try to stand with their own legs in the location of the ultimate conclusion. That was not just limited to Vincent, as it was customary for all Vollachian Emperors.

This could also be said to be the influence of the “law of iron and blood” which was considered to be the Imperial Way.

Thus, while he hated the Vollachian Empire more than anybody else, Vincent would try to faithfully fulfill the duty of Vollachian Emperor, so he would be coming to the Imperial Capital no matter what.

In order to destroy the ringleader of the Great Disaster, Sphinx, he would come with Yang Sword in hand.

Balleroy: [――I sure got completely fooled by Chisha.]

At the genesis of the Great Disaster, in a situation where he had not yet grasped the existence of the undead or of himself, despite there being no opportunity more ideal than that, Balleroy’s surprise attack had not reached Vincent.

Chisha’s meddling had saved Vincent, and the Great Disaster’s fastest victory had been deterred.

However――,

Balleroy: [Next time, nobody’s gonna serve as His Excellency’s shield.]

He would absolutely not miss his next opportunity.

If Vincent himself was coming to the Imperial Capital, Balleroy would shoot him through the heart with certainty. Once he accomplished that, the hope of the Vollachian Empire would be severed.

And then, the threat of the Great Disaster would head north, and then even the Kingdom of Lugunica would――.

Carillon: [――Kiryararahhh.]

That instant, the neighing of his beloved dragon drew Balleroy’s attention towards “that”.

Balleroy: [――――]

Looking up as he felt a tingle on his neck, Balleroy doubted his own eyes.

Riding on Carillon’s back, Balleroy had been seeking his target, the figure of Vincent, with a bird’s-eye view over the battlefield-turned Imperial Capital, so he had been straining his eyes to see every detail and to not miss any changes on the battlefield.

From somewhere outside of Balleroy’s vigilance, something had boldly taken aim for the Crystal Palace.

――Directly above the most beautiful palace in the world, blazing balls of flame rained down one after the other.

Balleroy: [Carillon!]

At his sharp call, his beloved dragon instantly spread its wings, and with the lift generated from their flapping, its large body soared up into the skies of the Imperial Capital. With each powerful flap of its wings, its speed and altitude swiftly climbed, and taking Balleroy up along with it, the undead flying dragon ascended to the sky.

As if to obstruct the ascending Balleroy’s flight path, the flaming spheres, around the size of a human, relentlessly fell towards them. ――And towards them, he aimed his spear.

Balleroy: [Ain’t gonna letcha!]

The tip of the spear within Balleroy’s hand contained a faint light as he pointed it towards the sky, and in that instant, the fired bullet of light collided with the descending blaze, and as an explosion occurred midair, the sky was dyed red.

It was not a single shot. Two shots, three shots, firing successively until thirteenth total light orbs shot down the flaming spheres; with a thunderous sound enveloping the skies of the Imperial Capital, Balleroy and Carillon pushed through the swelling flames of the explosion.

Balleroy: [What kinda stuff d’ya think you’re doing, passing above the clouds like that?]

He had swept away the fiery rain, yet Balleroy was amazed by the skill of his opponent.

If the balls of flame had come straight for the Palace, or if they had flown in a parabola like an arrow or a stone, they would have easily been detected from the Crystal Palace. The reason why Balleroy’s eyes had been unable to do so was obvious: the flaming spheres had come from far away, flying above the thick clouds in the sky of the Imperial Capital, and then went straight downwards when they were directly above the Crystal Palace.

When putting it into words, what had been done was plain and simple. But, when compared to actually performing it, there was a difference between heaven and earth―― the divine feat of throwing a stone above the clouds and hitting a target from a place several kilometers away, this was a deed more dreadfully difficult than accomplishing that without even using one’s hands.

But, Balleroy was in a position that, while seldom seen within the Empire, was capable of using magic, even if it was only specialized to one trick.

Balleroy: [I’m gonna have to return the favor!]

Having finished dealing with the flaming spheres that had pierced the clouds and fallen from the sky, Carillon soared to the heavens. Firmly holding onto its back, Balleroy’s attention shifted to the far south of the Imperial Capital.

Due south of the Crystal Palace, the area around the gate of the Imperial Capital was being safeguarded by Mezoreia. From the distance and angle of the unleashed balls of flame, he judged that the enemy in question was a little to the west from there―― Balleroy’s undead left eye, dyed black with a golden iris looming within, the vicinity around it subtly wavered.

That was not due to any change yielded in Balleroy’s face, but due to a change yielded in the atmosphere surrounding his left eye.

Using magic to bend light, Balleroy created a scope in order to see far into the distance. Looking through it with his left eye, he imposingly aimed his spearhead in that direction.

Securing the sniping angle and distance from his flying dragon’s speed, he specialized in the one trick of firing bullets of light to achieve ultra-long-range sniping, and in combination with a scope of light that prevented him from losing sight of his target, Balleroy would fight.

Supposing it was an open plain with no obstacles, Balleroy’s light orbs could hit a moving target from several kilometers away.

Balleroy: [――――]

This time, too, Balleroy closed his right eye with the intention of doing so, and focused his attention to his left eye.

The non-existent scope created from the bending of light leapt across the cityscape of the Imperial Capital, and going even further beyond, grasped the figure of the enemy who had thrown those flaming spheres towards the Crystal Palace――,

Balleroy: [――Medi.]

Muttering out in a husky breath, Balleroy Temeglyph’s scope clearly projected that figure.

Golden hair glistening in a manner akin to the rays of the sun fluttered, and having risen to the sky while being held in the arms of a man in a long cloak, the girl’s blue eyes were trained on Balleroy, whom she should not have been able to see.

And then, clearly perceiving the inaudible words spoken by those lips, a chord was struck within Balleroy’s heart.

Medium: [Jeez, I won’t let you go off wherever you please anymore. Come and talk to me properly, Ballebro.]

Translation Note: [1] – Tennozan ( 天王山 ) is the name of a mountain in Japan. Throughout history, it was a place of great strategic importance due to its location. Because of that, a Japanese saying that goes “decisive as Tennozan” was born, and essentially indicates that a moment or location is very important in determining an outcome. In the context of this chapter, Julius is repeating the phrase as something he likely learned from Subaru.

--- Chapter 52: Medium O’Connell ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――Such unskillful command.]

Standing by the window of the command center within the Fortified City of Garkla, Serena Dracroy muttered so whilst gazing through the sole gap in the towering walls that defended the city.

Among the soldiers of the Vollachian Empire, there were none who did not grasp the importance of controlling the skies.

It was to the extent that, even in this besiegement, the greatest concern was the allocation of air defenses. The People of Shudraq, powerful masters of archery, had exceptionally numerous opportunities to play an active role.

The reason why so many of those women were being instructed to keep watch on the sky was because the opposition’s potential aerial assets required that level of vigilance.

And yet, with sporadic attacks from the deployed undead flying dragons which could hardly be called successful, the Scorching Lady herself, owner of the foremost flying dragon squadron in all of Vollachia, even felt a sense of irritation towards the enemy.

Serena: [Though if I was the enemy’s commanding officer, I’d be able to bring down this city far more efficiently.]

???: […At the height of this decisive battle, could you please not say such frightening things?]

Serena had clicked her tongue with dissatisfaction towards the opponent’s tactics, and interjecting upon having heard that was a delicate man occupying the same command center, Otto.

He was a man who had guts despite his gentle appearance, and Serena also had a high evaluation of his character, but regrettably he had a tendency to not let others take risks.

Serena: [You only let yourself take risks… That’d be fine for a subordinate, but you’d be a boring man to have as a lover.]

Otto: [If you were to say that you have taken a fancy to me, Countess Dracroy, I would feel as if I was being told there was a flaw in my personality, so I do not object to your assessment, but…]

Serena: [Hmph, I see. So you don’t like a woman with a scar on her face?]

Otto: [I can say with confidence that my attitude does not change based on one’s appearance. It is far more important to be able to converse and come to a mutual understanding with each other. And even with your scar, I do find you to be quite beautiful, High Countess.]

???: [Whatcha two talkin’ ‘bout? Get yer acts together.]

Serena folded her arms as she stood near the window, and Otto had responded to her with a look of dumbfoundment. And having been dumbfounded by his response, was the emissary from Kararagi, Anastasia.

Opposite to the dumbfounded Anastasia, Berstetz, paying no concern to what the rest of them were going on about, looked over a laid-out map as he restlessly exchanged words with a soldier who served the role of dispatching orders.

For some time now, the war situation had been being reported without interruption, with orders being shouted back and forth loudly. The hectically changing situation and the bursting of blood and lives―― it was the fragrant scent of the battlefield.

Serena: [This is precisely what it means to be in the Empire. My sense of smell for battle has grown dull under the reign of His Excellency. I, of all people, had forgotten that war is a part of everyday life.]

Anastasia: [If ya try ‘n say that’s what the Empire is, y’ain’t properly repayin’ the Emperor-san who tried to rule in peace.]

Serena: [What, I’m a poor loser. If I was truly discontent with His Excellency’s rule, I ought to have done something about it through my own strength. Since I have not done so, the likes of my words are nothing more than jest. He attempted to impose a reign that was contrary to imperialism, and the method he used to implement it was imperialism… Sadly, His Excellency is symbolic of the Empire.]

While the person in question would likely not desire sympathy, she could not help but pity how he walked a path of solitude.

Though it was true that Vincent shunned battle, if he twisted the tenets of others for that purpose, then that would fall into the realm of the “law of iron and blood”.

――Only in the midst of conflict and struggle, could precious things be born.

Regardless of whether the Vollachian “law of iron and blood” declared so or not, that was Serena’s own interpretation of the Imperial Way, and she had accepted those values. She understood that it was ephemeral to love things that could only be born amidst that, but it was in her nature.

Therefore――,

Serena: [――So you haven’t come, Balleroy?]

Staring at the vast, desolate sky, Serena muttered as if she still had one final regret.

The battle had been ongoing for quite some time, and the armies of both sides had suffered no small number of casualties. The first wave and vanguard of this battlefield had been completely finished off―― that was to say, the Magical Sharpshooter, who followed the principle of concluding battles with minimal casualties, was not flying in the skies of this battlefield.

If he had come, Serena’s heart would have been shot out a long time ago.

Serena: [――――]

Tracing the vertical scar that ran across the left side of her face, Serena closed her eyes for a few seconds.

Emerging on the back of her eyelids, was the slightly dirty boy she had found during her younger days. The figure of him growing up, losing his life, and in the end, being revived as an undead, pointing his spear towards her――,

Serena: [That last one is merely my own delusion.]

With pallid skin and lifeless golden eyes, the undead form of Balleroy was something that Serena had never seen.

In the battle for the Imperial Capital he had aimed for Vincent in the Crystal Palace, and at the coupled dragon carriages he had carried Lamia away with her shattered soul. However, during both of those opportunities, Serena had been unable to meet Balleroy.

And, Balleroy was not here at the Fortified City either. That was reality.

Serena: […It’d probably be fine for you to hate me.]

Muttering so, Serena stood by the window while picturing the undead Balleroy who had not appeared. While standing there, she had no choice but to admit to her unforeseen state of mind.

She would not have minded being killed if it was by Balleroy’s hand. That was why she had gone out of her way to expose herself via the window, and had been awaiting the sniping of the Magical Sharpshooter.

Anastasia: [I thought you’d already settled yer feelin’s?]

Serena: [――――]

Closing one eye, Anastasia was examining Serena’s expression from the side.

As Anastasia looked at Serena with her round turquoise eye, it seemed as if that gaze was seeing through her inner thoughts; along with Otto, merchants proved to be quite shrewd.

It must have been under unthinkable fortune that Flop and Medium had been able to survive in the cunning world of commerce.

Thus, to the extent that she was mentally dodging it with useless thoughts, the strike upon the bulleyes had been no shallow one whatsoever.

Anastasia: [If the enemy’s aimin’ for the commandin’ officer first, that’d be the same as targettin’ the people in this command center. So, you’ve gone ‘n put yerself right in the firin’ line… Couldn’t’cha at least consult with us first before doin’ that?]

Serena: [Sorry. I had thought it would’ve been easier to deal with a situation in which it was obvious who was going to be targeted, instead of a situation where it was unknown who would be shot. With all the wise people present here, you guys would be able to calmly deal with things if my head was suddenly blown apart, wouldn’t you?]

???: [Even supposing that were the case, I think it would be best to search for a route in which it is not blown apart, and I am not confident that Ana or I could remain so composed. We are not like Otto-kun.]

Otto: [Though even I would jump bolt upright if you were to suddenly die!?]

Upon receiving an unexpected evaluation Otto raised his voice, but Anastasia exchanged glances with the Spirit accompanying her―― Echidna, and shrugged her shoulders.

Serena would generally be in agreement with them, but in any case, Serena’s expectations had been off the mark.

Serena: [With Balleroy’s absence, considering that no flying dragon squadron composed of undead has emerged, the value in retaining my living flying dragon squadron has fallen. If there are any fronts of the battle with unfavorable prospects, have them be deployed there. They’ll overturn any disadvantage in the blink of an eye.]

Anastasia: [That’s right. It’s a foolish plan to deploy assets one-by-one, but it’s just sloppy gamblin’ to be pushed back while keepin’ the units with high offensive capability in reserve. I agree that it’s fine to use ‘em. Only…]

Otto: [――It is concerning that it seems as if the opponent does not have a flying dragon squadron.]

Anastasia furrowed her thin eyebrows in concern, and Otto muttered the following words in her stead. In response to their concern, Serena slightly exhaled a “hmm”, and,

Serena: [There’s not a high probability that any undead flying dragon riders have successfully paired up with their deceased flying dragon… Be that as it may, it’s certainly unnatural that there have been absolutely none. In that case――]

Otto: [――Rather than the usual application of a flying dragon squadron, there is a high possibility that one is being used in an unorthodox manner, correct?]

Serena: [Unorthodox… that’s…]

And, it happened right as she was about to reach the heart of the matter. ――With such force as if to break the door of the command center, somebody had come rushing in with a report.

Out of breath, the messenger made an urgent expression as they shouted “Excuse me!” in a shaky voice. Receiving that, Berstetz, who had been looking down at the map, raised his head,

Berstetz: [To the point.]

Messenger: [Yessir! A target requiring caution has appeared! Enemy flying dragon squadron, confirmed!]

Serena: [――Have they come?]

Hearing the messenger’s report, Serena’s expression grew severe, as if to say that someone who ought to have come had finally arrived. Then, Serena looked closely out the window, searching for signs of the enemy in the sky.

But, she could not find the enemy flying dragon squadron. Behind Serena harboring suspicions, the messenger proceeded with the continuation of the report.

That was――,

Messenger: [――An enemy flying dragon squadron has passed over the large mountain behind the great fortress, and has invaded the airspace above the fortifications! They are deploying enemy soldiers, the undead have breached the city!]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Medium O’Connell possessed the Divine Protection of Morale.

To speak plainly, the Divine Protection of Morale was something that would boost the physical capabilities of one’s body in concert with how roused their spirits and determination were.

Medium was unaware of her own Divine Protection, and even her older brother Flop was unknowing that his younger sister was the possessor of a Divine Protection. Only, at times when she had to persevere, power would surge within her as she thought “I gotta do my best!”, and as her brother would tell her “Do your best!”, she felt the sensation of power surging within her.

Hence, with the specifics unknown to them, the siblings’ relationship of supporting each other had always remained the optimal solution, and that rare precedent was also the secret behind the strength of the O’Connell siblings.

But, the troublesome aspect of the Divine Protection of Morale was undoubtedly that fluctuations in one’s mood influenced their ability; while the elevation of one’s feelings would enhance their abilities, it was a double-edged sword, to the extent that if their feelings were down, they would become unable to display their capabilities.

Ergo, it could be called the most suitable Divine Protection for the bright, positive Medium, but it had backfired when events sorrowful to the greatest degree had occurred within her life.

There were three times in the past when Medium, who was like the personification of a positive attitude, had been depressed.

The first was when a member of her family, Miles, had died.

The second was when another member of her family, Balleroy, had died.

And the third, was when she found out that Balleroy, who should have been dead, had been turned into an undead.

During the first and second times, she thoroughly wept and cried, and it took her several days to recover.

The impact from the third time was not something inferior to those past two times, but there had been no time for her to spend a few days crying due to the grievous event.

If so, did Medium participate in the battle with a face stained with tears, disheartened as it was?

――Certainly, that had not been the case.

Medium O’Connell had stopped crying in a true sense.

It was not as if the sorrowful event of the third time had not resonated as much as the first and second times. As an impact of the greatest degree in her life until now, it ripped her chest, her mind, and surely her heart to shreds.

However, as Medium hugged her knees and cowered, Flop did not leave her alone.

Flop: [Dear sister, I’m sorry I hadn’t said anything. It was a situation in which people who had died were being resurrected one after another. It was not as if I hadn’t considered the possibility that Balleroy would be revived.]

The coupled dragon carriages had arrived at the Fortified City, and Medium continued to shut herself away in the room allocated to her; having come to her side, Flop spoke so regarding their encounter with the undead Balleroy.

Upon hearing her brother’s words, Medium felt the sentiment, “As expected of big bro!”, but she had been unable to say it aloud like usual.

Contrary to having feelings of wanting to condemn her brother for having not told her, she questioned why she had been unable to notice, and hated her own stupidity for never thinking about anything.

By nature, she was not very good at thinking. That was why she had always left that duty up to Flop.

That was why, in exchange, it was her job to rampage, she was happy with it being divided up that way. And yet, it was weird for her to now lament her own slow brain.

No, that was not it.

Medium: [I really love you, big bro.]

Flop: [Ahh, thank you, that makes me happy. I love you too of course.]

Medium: [I also really love Sisrena, and I really love Big Bro Miles too.]

Flop: [I know. I’ve never doubted that. Of course, I also love those two.]

Medium: […I really love Ballebro as well.]

Flop: [Yeah.]

While burying her head into her knees, Medium sniffled as she falteringly spoke. Kneeling down on one knee, Flop listened to her with a calm look on his face. She was grateful that for the last one, when she had spoken about Balleroy, he had just responded with a short nod of his head.

She was grateful, but she was also frustrated.

Medium: [Even though I really love them, I haven’t been thinking about the people I love.]

The possibility that the deceased Balleroy would be resurrected as an undead.

Flop had said that he had been unable to say it, but he had still thought about it. On the other hand, Medium had not even considered it.

That was not because Medium was slow in the head, but because she had been averting her eyes.

Even though she loved her family, even though it was the family she loved, she had not realized it because she had been averting her eyes. ――Even though Medium had once regretted that very act to the point of death once before.

Medium: [When Big Bro Miles died, and then after that, Ballebro went and did that thing and also died, I was so frustrated with myself.]

She thought it would have been better if she had been by his side back then, even if he would have hated her or kept her away.

It would have been better for his sibling to make a noisy, loud, annoying racket by his side, and make it so Balleroy could not polish his plan to swoop down on Abel.

Because she had not done that, she had ended up letting Balleroy die.

Even though Medium should have been aware.

She should have been aware that after Miles died, Balleroy would start to worry himself with those sorts of thoughts.

After all, Balleroy was――,

Flop: [――Medium, I won’t be going to the Imperial Capital. My wounds haven’t finished healing, and I don’t have any fighting ability. I’d certainly be a burden. But, you’re different.]

Medium: [Big bro…]

Flop: [I think Balleroy will be in the Imperial Capital. Being this backed into a corner, the only chance our side has to turn the tables is to defeat the opposition’s leader, who’s likely in the Imperial Capital. If the opposition can predict that His Excellency the Emperor-kun will be going there, then…]

Medium: [Mm, yeah.]

She knew what Flop was trying to say, even if he did not say everything.

When fighting, Balleroy would always choose the method with the fastest conclusion. That did not change when he became a soldier, and it did not change when he became a Divine General; it was a fundamental part of Balleroy’s personality.

Balleroy would undoubtedly target Abel. Therefore, he would be in the Imperial Capital.

Therefore, if she went to the Imperial Capital, she would meet him.

Flop: [It seems like you’ve cheered up a little, haven’t you?]

Medium: […As expected of big bro, you really know me well.]

Flop: [Ha-ha-ha, that’s because I’ve been Medium’s big brother for a long time now! Well then, as a brother who can’t go to the Imperial Capital, I’ll exhaust all means necessary for the sake of my sister!]

Medium: [Means?]

Wiping her teary face, Medium tilted her head with bloodshot eyes. Seeing his sister’s state, Flop placed his hands on his hip, and while smiling,

Flop: [You know, even if you say you want to go, we don’t know if His Excellency the Emperor-kun will accept. So in order to make him accept, we should think hard about the flow of persuasion, right? You don’t need to worry. I know His Excellency the Emperor-kun’s weak point.]

Medium: [Incredible! As expected of big bro! What’s Abel-chin’s weak point?]

Flop: [――Decidedly, it’s love.]

Raising a single finger, Flop spoke with full confidence.

If the one hearing that was anyone other than Medium, they would have all tilted their heads, not understanding what those words meant, and may have made a peculiar face.

But, no matter what Medium was told by Flop, she would give a broad smile and answer.

Medium: [As expected of big bro! I’m counting on you!]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Thus, Medium O’Connell had obtained the qualification to participate in the ultimate decisive battle for the Imperial Capital.

Thinking back on it, it seemed like a miracle that so many coincidences had piled up for her to finally reach this point.

The first was at the Fortress City of Guaral. Ever since she and Flop had noticed Subaru, Rem, and Spica trying to enter that city, this strange course of events had begun.

Medium: [Thank you for meeting me and big bro back then, Subaru-chin.]

Along the way, as the dragon carriage headed for the Imperial Capital, Medium had expressed her gratitude, to which Subaru was surprised.

With his body still in a smaller state, Subaru’s profile looked like he was thinking about something with the utmost effort and a frightfully sharp look in his eyes, but only when he was told this did his eyes widen.

At once, Subaru became gentle, and with the tender face he would always face Rem and Spica with,

Subaru: [What are you talking about, Medium-san? If we’re giving thanks, then I’m the one who should be grateful to you. Thinking about what things would be like if I hadn’t met Medium-san and Flop-san back there, it makes me shudder.]

And amid his bashfulness, he had provided the opportunity for Medium’s selfishness to be granted.

A settlement with the undead-turned Magical Sharpshooter, Balleroy Temeglyph. ――For that purpose, he had sent a tremendously reliable backer with her.

Medium: [Thank you for supporting me, Ros-chin.]

Feeling her hair sway in the wind, Medium spoke these words of gratitude in the midst of the air.

The person she spoke them to, was a being who was carrying her horizontally while floating in the sky―― a companion of Subaru and Emilia, the person lending Medium strength in her battle, Roswaal.

At Medium’s thanks, he smiled with a “Nooo~ no”,

Roswaal: [I am the one who ought to show gratitude to you for letting me accompany youuu~. As a matter of fact, the person you desire to face off against is an exceedingly formidable enemy. I wish to have as many cards in my hand as possible, even if only by a single card more.]

Medium: [――? I’m not a card, I’m a woman, you know?]

Roswaal: [I’ve blundered. You’re the same type as Emilia-saaama~.]

As Roswaal spoke that with a soft, wry smile, a question mark floated over Medium’s head.

Perhaps he had meant it in the sense that she was not as heavy as she looked. In reality, Medium was quite tall for a woman, and she stood at around the same height as the tall Roswaal. Even so, he was easily carrying her.

But, Roswaal’s specialty did not seem to lay in his physical strength, but rather in his aptitude for magic. That was also the truth of how he was carrying Medium and flying in the sky like this.

When Medium had been at Serena’s place, she had experienced flight many times, but all of those occasions had involved riding on flying dragons. This was her first time flying while being carried by a person.

However――,

Medium: [The trick to flying in the sky is to believe in the person lending you flight, and to entrust everything to them!]

The experience she had once learned from a flying dragon rider she trusted, would now support Medium in this moment.

Whether that partner was a flying dragon or Roswaal, the method to gain wings was to believe.

Roswaal: [I’d like to tell Otto-kun and Petra-kun about your courage and trick, as they aren’t quite accustomed to fliiight~.]

Medium: [Is that so? Well then Ros-chin, wouldn’t it be better for you to get along with the two of them more?]

Roswaal: [Ahhh~ hahaha, that’s painful to my eaaars~.]

Deepening his smile at her straightforward opinion, Roswaal slowly shook his head.

Seeing that reaction, Medium sensed that Roswaal was not really smiling deep down, and that it was a smile that attempted to deceive. He was probably not very good at getting along with people.

Medium had recently come to the realization that such people existed. Abel was also like that.

She did not understand why they would go out of their way to distance themselves from others―― no, she was beginning to understand it a little now. By doing so, one could try to ensure that they would not be hurt.

Medium: [But, if you always do that, you’ll end up regretting it.]

Roswaal: [――――]

Medium: [That’s why, I’ll make myself a role model for Ros-chin and Abel-chin.]

Right after Medium spoke, a fierce, thundering roar echoed beyond the flying duo.

It was to the east of Medium and Roswaal―― in that place where thick clouds were accumulating one-by-one, there was present the form of a Dragon so fearsome that it caused the very world to tremble.

In accordance with what had been decided beforehand, Garfiel was the one who would fight the Dragon.

And while Garfiel was subduing the Dragon, everyone else would begin to move.

One grouping among them, was the combination of Medium and Roswaal.

Medium: [――――]

She deeply inhaled, and deeply exhaled.

Once it began, there would be no going back. But, she was fine with that.

Medium: [Ros-chin.]

Roswaal: [Shall we get started? There’s no need to get worked up. ――After all, I’m the strongest magician in the wooorld~.]

Right after Roswaal declared so, for a moment, Medium felt goosebumps over her entire body.

That was at the moment Roswaal had suddenly unleashed magic that was supernatural beyond anything Medium was capable of imagining, causing flames to be sent above the thick clouds that blanketed the Imperial Capital, targeting the Crystal Palace from directly above.

While using such an ultra-high-class magic technique, Roswaal progressed his flying magic with Medium still in his arms.

It was an intricate feat akin to one using their right arm to draw and their left arm to compose a song, while also using their mouth to recite verses of poetry and using their eyes and brain to decipher an unknown language.

But, for Medium, who did not understand its value, she had no valid reason to praise it as being amazing.

Therefore, Medium did not voice praise with her mouth, but instead demonstrated it through her actions.

Medium: [――――]

Staring into the distant sky, a chain of bright-red flames exploding could be seen above the Crystal Palace within the deepest part of the Imperial Capital; cutting past the blossoming crimson balls of flame one after the other, a flying dragon soared at a high altitude.

Far, far away, many kilometers in the distance, as a small speck in the sky, it had been clearly seen by the current Medium as somebody whom she wished to see, with whom she wished to converse, and whom she wished to touch.

――Medium O’Connell possessed the Divine Protection of Morale.

The Divine Protection of Morale boosted one’s physical abilities in concert with how roused their spirits were, and it was the most suitable Divine Protection for the bright, positive Medium.

And now that Medium was before a person whom she had wanted to meet to an absolutely unbearable extent, the performance of her Divine Protection was manifesting its greatest, most powerful effects in all the time since she had been born.

The thing she wanted to do and the thing she must do coincided, and smashing through her regrets of the past, she clutched what her older brother had entrusted to her within her chest; together with a reliable ally, she would challenge a beloved visage.

Ergo, Medium spoke to Balleroy, who had likely seen her from far off in the distance.

Medium: [Jeez, I won’t let you go off wherever you please anymore. Come and talk to me properly, Ballebro.]

――The next moment, a bullet of light was fired after a beat had passed, and Medium cut it down with her unsheathed barbarian sword.

Medium: [――――]

Though the impact tore through her entire body, both Medium, and Roswaal who was carrying her, were uninjured.

And thus, separated by an ultra-long distance, the curtain rose on the fiercest bout of aerial combat in the history of the Empire.

--- Chapter 53: The Magical Sharpshooter ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Roswaal L. Mathers was the premier magician in the Kingdom, and in the world.

If one were to inquire about this to said person, he would mix in a fearless smile and a certain confidence, and affirm the notion with the condition that “For the present day, I guess that’s the caaase~”.

As Roswaal would note that it was the case in the current era, there would be no chagrin harbored in his expression. Instead, what would dwell within his heterochromatic eyes, would be a deep love and a feeling of loneliness which would appear to be yearning for something.

When he spoke of matters regarding magic, that was the ephemeral longing that would never disappear from inside of Roswaal, of which none were aware, save for Ram and Beatrice; even he himself was not aware of it.

Based on that, Roswaal’s position as the current greatest magician would not waver.

Declaring that to Medium O’Connell as she challenged the decisive battle, he soared through the sky with her in his arms, and confronted the Magical Sharpshooter who had ascended to high altitudes far in the distance―― considering that Roswaal had confidence and pride in his own magic, he estimated the chances of victory here to be low.

Roswaal: [――――]

Having infiltrated the skies of the Imperial Capital from the southwest of the city, Roswaal’s vision beheld the sight of the sky above the northernmost Crystal Palace being dyed a bright-red, and many explosions of flame bloomed. Roswaal was the one who had sent in that fiery rain, but it was a pair of flying dragon and rider, flying up from the Palace, that had transformed it into flaming explosions―― or so it seemed.

The reason for the phrasing of “seemed” was because Roswaal’s eyes were incapable of locking on to a target moving at rapid speeds from a position several kilometers away.

That was not an issue of Roswaal’s eyesight. It was simply a matter of the human eye being unable to do so.

However, Medium and the opposing Magical Sharpshooter were both overcoming that limitation through the power of a Divine Protection and through some sort of other technique respectively, and had visually identified each other.

As proof of that――,

Medium: [――Uu, kyaan!]

Together with an adorable war cry, Medium swung her barbarian sword while being carried in his arms.

She was flying in a state where she was completely dependent on another. By no means could her balance have been good, but Medium’s barbarian sword still caught the approaching bullet of light, and with a sound akin to a splash of water, she cut it down.

Stuck by the impact, and feeling the severed light bullet pass behind them and dissipate to Mana, Roswaal could not help but shudder at the speed and precision of that attack.

――That was a magical technique designed to kill, perfected to an unbelievable extent at the very height of expertise.

He could surmise that the fired light bullet was a kind of Yang Magic, but it was of a different lineage to that of Jiwald, which fired a heated ray of light; the technique of shooting such a bullet of light could not be classified into any category, and was an original creation.

He could not say anything for certain after only a brief moment of combat, but it likely involved preparing light in a form and nature similar to that of the icicles that Emilia would shoot out, which would then pierce the opponent’s vitals. One thing that ought to have been noted, was how instead of a bullet of ice or earth, which retained a physical form, it was being done with light.

By ensuring that physical bullets would not remain in the wound, it would be difficult for an opponent to discern the true nature of the attack, and furthermore, the area around the wound would be scorched by the light, easily causing a serious wound to be sustained.

Roswaal: [Superb magic.]

Roswaal praised it as an attack undoubtedly worthy of being called Magical Bullets.

Had his opponent devised this by themselves, then they should have the talents to become a first-class magician. But then again, at this point, the person in question likely would not desire such prestige. From the viewpoint of an imperial, they had already received the highest possible evaluation by being a Divine General.

Not to mention that it was difficult to imagine someone who was not living, but rather dead, to be wishing for such glory.

Roswaal: [To begin with, even during their lifetime, they were not a person who clung to fame or prestiiige~. I’ve heard about that from those who were close to them, and from the one who witnessed their final moments.]

For information about the Magical Sharpshooter―― Balleroy Temeglyph, there was an unexpectedly large number of people who had known him during his lifetime, so Roswaal’s ears had gained more chances than he had initially been hoping for to learn about him.

However, what he had heard from the O’Connell siblings was largely testimonials regarding his personality, and Serena had choked up with feelings of guilt that were uncharacteristic of her. So, Roswaal had been unable to obtain the tactical information he had desired from them, but―― there had been an unforeseen competitor.

That was――,

Roswaal: [――I would have never thought that Julius-kun was the talented individual who had defeated this Divine General.]

Taking care so that Medium, who was boosting her concentration within his arms, would not hear, Roswaal organized his thoughts as he recalled Julius, who had looked as if he was worrying himself with thought.

As Anastasia’s one and only Knight, he possessed a strong sense of duty, so he had supported his Lord all the way to the Vollachian Empire. The Finest of Knights had brought quite the valuable information regarding the formidable enemy whom Roswaal and Medium were challenging together.

――From the start, regardless of whether the battlefield was to be the Imperial Capital or the Fortified City, it was established that Roswaal would be the matchup for Balleroy Temeglyph.

That it was because Roswaal was an old acquaintance of Serena Dracroy, and that he had been entrusted with the duty of performing the last rites over Balleroy, whom she had looked after since he was a child, was not the case.

Roswaal also had emotions, but he always eliminated decisions that were based on emotion.

Naturally, the decision to have Roswaal be Balleroy’s opponent was a strategic one.

Perhaps somewhat late to bring it up, but the Vollachian Empire and the Kingdom of Lugunica had been enemies for a long time.

There were treacherous relations between all of the Four Great Countries, but the fact that they all mutually recognized which among those relations required the most vigilance could not be altered.

Therefore, albeit there had been remarkable historical achievement in the signing of a non-aggression treaty with the Empire lasting the duration of the Royal Selection held by the Kingdom, that did not mean that the chilly relationship between the two countries had warmed up.

To make a long story short, the Kingdom of Lugunica had persisted with its vigilance of the potential enemy that was the Vollachian Empire, and it was always refining its countermeasures against the primary force encompassed by the Nine Divine Generals, and the lookout force that was the flying dragon squadron.

Within those strategy meetings, it had been decided. ――The Kingdom’s magic regiment would oppose the Empire’s flying dragon squadron, and its apex, Roswaal, would clash with the most powerful flying dragon rider.

Roswaal: [Be that as it may, I had never thought that I’d be facing off against targets requiring such caution like the Vicious Old Man and the Magical Sharpshooter within the Empiiire~.]

When the counter-Empire discussions were being held, those two individuals were recognized as the greatest threats.

Of course, when it came to individual military assets, the Blue Lightning and the Spirit Eater were the big two, but concerning them, the Kingdom also had a Sword Saint who would not lose out.

But, when it came to war, the presence of leadership was vital.

The best way to end a war would be to end the lives of the enemy’s leaders. ――And for that, what was feared more than the First and the Second, was the Vicious Old Man and the Magical Sharpshooter.

Ergo, Roswaal had also surmised the techniques and capabilities of the Magical Sharpshooter from rumors.

Roswaal had heard that in the end, he had risen in rebellion and lost his life without them ever having the chance to face off against each other, so his simulations had ended up becoming meaningless, but by some hapless twist of fate, this situation had been brought to fruition.

And then, upon ascertaining the skills of the real, not imagined, Balleroy Temeglyph, the strongest magician in the world, Roswaal, was convinced.

Roswaal: [――As expected, I caaan’t~ win this on my own.]

That was not in jest or sarcasm, nor was it that he had lost his nerve; Roswaal merely recognized that as the plain truth.

This was not a matter of his magic being inferior to military techniques, but that there was a difference in the playing field.

First of all, there was a difference in their mobility.

Able to use flying magic, Roswaal was one of the world’s leading individuals who was capable of solo flight, but his speed and maneuverability could not match that of flying dragons, experts in the field. If one were to challenge Balleroy head-on in an air battle, the best they would be able to do would be to get thrown off by his speed, and get shot down while being tossed about by his three-dimensional movements.

Secondly, there was a difference in the precision and objective of their respective methods of attack.

The Magical Bullets, mastered by Balleroy, were undoubtedly something that had been trained for the purpose of killing others, and it would be acceptable to say that their power and accuracy had been perfected.

In order to become a magician that his Teacher would not be ashamed of, Roswaal aimed to master every possible magic, but he was still far-off from the deep mysteries of magic, and even if his diversity overwhelmingly surpassed that of Balleroy, he could declare that he had nothing on the same level as this enemy who specialized in the field of killing a target.

And thirdly, there was a difference in their combat conditions.

It was a vexing matter, but that was the greatest obstacle in this matchup.

If one were to think about it, they would likely come to this conclusion; were it possible to do battle from a distant location and one-sidedly attack the opponent, it would be impossible to lose. That was naturally Roswaal’s fighting style, and fighting from the greatest range that was possible for himself could be said to be the fundamental tactic for certain victory as a magician.

The problem was that even with his greatest attack range, it would still be a situation in which his opponent would have the upper hand.

Naturally, his opponent would thus not permit the one-sided attacks he had come to use until now. In order to avoid that situation, he would need to close to distance so as to not lose out in range, and then in the situation where the range advantage had been eliminated, he would need to turn it into a contest of their individual abilities.

But, the combat conditions imposed upon Roswaal would not allow for that prerequisite.

Subaru: [To be honest, having our allies taken out one-by-one from far away would be the most troubling thing. In order to not let the opponent perform that kind of rapid fire on us, do something to suppress him!]

For their assault on the Imperial Capital, when dividing up the members of the Rescue from Destruction Squad, that was the duty Subaru had entrusted to Roswaal.

In truth, that had been a logical decision. Disregarding Halibel and Olbart, Roswaal did not intend to claim that he was the most powerful asset, but there was no doubt that he was the one who possessed the greatest range.

Emilia was also on the right track, but she lacked precision in her attacks, and she had no method of ascending to the sky where their opponent made their battlefield. It was a matter of course that this would be up to Roswaal.

As a result, in order to prevent the other allies from being targeted, Roswaal was forced to attack from a distance that was overwhelmingly favorable for his opponent, declaring war while attracting his opponent’s attention to himself.

Roswaal: [As I had feared, even at this distance the opponent’s attacks are delivered with precision. I’ve attracted his attention, but… I’ll have to close the distance from here. This act really could result in my deaaath~.]

The three aforementioned disadvantages should suffice to show just how troublesome that would be.

Against such a formidable enemy, he would have no choice but to fight with tactics and at a distance where the opponent would triumph. Furthermore, recognizing the difference in strength between them, Roswaal was convinced that his opponent was above him.

But, there was neither lamentation nor despair dwelling within his heterochromatic eyes.

That was because――,

Medium: [Diyahh!]

Immediately after he thought he had seen a flash, the sound of water splashing and an impact jolted both Roswaal and Medium.

That was proof that Medium had succeeded in defending against the impact of the second bullet. While admiring Medium’s skill in managing such a feat, Roswaal deepened his smile.

The reason for that smile was――,

Roswaal: [Medium-kun, does it seem feasible?]

Medium: [Yeah! We can do it! It’s like Ros-chin said… it seems like Ballebro is only aiming for my arms and shoulders!]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Tsk――]

Witnessing the second bullet he had fired being cut down by the barbarian sword in the magnified vision of his left eye, Balleroy bit down on his molars at the improvement in skill of the girl he recognized, and at the viciousness of his opponent’s objective.

Within the scope he had created by bending light, he could grasp for certain that Medium, her face brimming with motivation, and the man flying in the sky while carrying her, were gradually getting closer.

Their aim was obvious, it was a standard tactic in warfare to close the distance on an opponent who specialized in long-distance attacks.

The surprise attack of the flaming spheres from above the clouds, once that had failed, they had immediately shifted gears―― that was not the case.

If there was anybody who thought that such a bland attack would hit before being noticed, there was truly something wrong with them. The intention of that attack was for it to be taken down. Though he understood that, it was an attack that he had no choice but to shoot down.

Since his opponent had fired the opening attack of this battle like that, he would commence an ultra-long-range battle in his own overwhelming favor―― upon seeing Medium, Balleroy’s fighting spirit was paralyzed.

The reason why they had let the surprise attack be defended against, and had commenced with a battle in which he was the one with the advantageous range, was because their strategy built on the fact that Balleroy would have to choose whom to shoot with his Magical Bullets.

Balleroy: [Medi…!!]

Medium had defended against both of the Magical Bullets, the first and second shot alike, that Balleroy had fired.

She had always been that way. When Medium was feeling down, she could be overpowered by even the unathletic Flop, and yet when she was filled with motivation, she would become an obstreperously rambunctious kid.

Neither Flop nor Miles could do anything about it, and despite being her favorite, Balleroy also had difficulty in dealing with her. Serena was not one to rebuke, so Medium’s liveliness knew no bounds.

Be that as it may, he had never expected for her to be able to deflect his Magical Bullets.

Carillon: [――Kiryararahhh!]

Balleroy: [――. I gotcha, Carillon.]

As Balleroy clenched his teeth, his beloved dragon flapped its wings and neighed in appeal to him.

Through the art of flying dragon taming, Balleroy and Carillon were tied to each other’s existences through their souls―― through the merging of Od with Od. Subjugating the innately ferocious flying dragons through that process, was the secretive technique of flying dragon taming.

Given that relationship, any wavering in Balleroy’s thoughts and feelings was directly transmitted to Carillon. The inverse also held true, so Balleroy had also sensed Carillon’s thoughts.

He understood. Medium’s skill was not the only reason why the Magical Bullets had been defended against.

Balleroy had laid eyes upon the figure of someone who was essentially a younger sister to him making such an earnest expression, and that had been the reason why he had not shot through her with the ruthlessness of a warrior.

Balleroy: [Her limbs…]

If he could just shoot one of them off, Medium would certainly withdraw from the warfront.

The magician whom she was accompanying would also judge that there would be no benefit in flying with her if she were to suffer a serious injury. If possible, it would be better for it to be an arm instead of a leg. If it was an arm, there would be less difficulty in her life hereafter than there would be if it was a leg.

It would be best if he caused Medium to withdraw with a wound, shot down the magician, and then requested Sphinx to spare her life. If he did so, his anguish would disappear.

Anguish. Would. Disappear.

Balleroy: [――Let’s go get ‘em.]

With the face of an undead that had lost all complexion, there was a definite fighting spirit dwelling within Balleroy’s golden eyes.

It was not the expression of hesitating to attack Medium, which he had worn until a moment earlier, but rather that of finding the consensus between his disposition and his objective, and bringing it to fruition; it was the expression of the Magical Sharpshooter.

Balleroy: [――――]

While harboring a fighting spirit within his golden irises, the heat from Balleroy’s body completely subsided.

Closing his right eye, concentrating all of his attention into the scope with his left eye, he got up on his knees upon the back of his beloved dragon, fixed his spear in place, and created a sharply pointed bullet of light at its tip.

Balleroy was an unorthodox magician, and he had not refined anything except this one technique.

A single one of these shots consumed very little mana, and since it maximized the effect with a minimal number of required processes, it had a good affinity with his nature. ――To settle things reliably, it was the embodiment of that approach.

Balleroy: [――――]

While Balleroy was concentrating in that manner, Carillon similarly boosted its own concentration.

The moment he peered through his scope, and carefully observed the conduct of his target, he would have to neglect maintaining vigilance over the rest of his surroundings, so in Balleroy’s stead when he did so, Carillon would maintain a field of vision over their environs.

His beloved dragon, who kept a lookout over their surroundings with the eyesight and instinctive alertness of a flying dragon, was absolutely indispensable to Balleroy as he established this tactic.

Balleroy: [If you’re looking to throw down against me, then you’re gonna have to close the distance. But, did ya really think I’d let’cha do that so easily while knowing that?]

He was surprised that something like flying magic existed, but the speed of their approach could not possibly be compared to that of a flying dragon rider. If he fell back by the same amount that his opponent was approaching, the distance between them would not close.

Of course, since there was a limit to how much he could fall back, the method of maintaining distance was not just falling back, but also making full use of maneuvering and elevation. But, that was not a problem.

There existed no boundaries in the vast sky. Hence, the battle technique of the Magical Sharpshooter had been established.

Balleroy: [――Hit.]

Weaving a word with lips devoid of moisture, the tip of his spear suddenly shone with an intense brightness.

The moment the Magical Bullet was fired, there was no recoil or emotion whatsoever on Balleroy’s part. There was only a quick flash of light, and the result brought about the sniping in less than a second.

Within his vision magnified by the scope, Medium had defended against the third Magical Bullet with her barbarian sword.

Her movements suggested that she had realized that Balleroy was aiming for her limbs. Whether that was her natural intuition, or advice whispered into her ear by the magician behind her, was unclear.

While admiring that as quite the impressive feat, Balleroy spilled out a long breath,

Balleroy: [――Hit, hit, hit, hit, hit.]

With that, he consecutively fired from the fourth shot to the eighth shot in a single breath.

Balleroy: [――――]

Balleroy’s Magical Bullets had no recoil. Therefore, there was no impediment to shooting in rapid succession.

If there was a limitation, it would be the speed at which the bullets of light were created to be fired, but Balleroy had poured all of his talents for magic into mastering this Magical Bullet attack.

Five shots per second, light bullets that were fired at the same accuracy without the slightest bit of deviation―― that was the basis for Balleroy Temeglyph being called the Magical Sharpshooter, and the reason he had attained the position of General First-Class.

Balleroy: [Hit, hit, hit, hit, hit.]

Fiercely swinging the barbarian swords in both of her hands, Medium frantically continued to repel the Magical Bullets.

That in itself was worthy of praise, but Balleroy’s remaining strength had not decreased in the slightest. The time that had passed was ten seconds at most, and if they continued for another ten or twenty seconds, Medium would definitely use up all of her strength.

If Balleroy indifferently approached that moment while firing his Magical Bullets――,

Balleroy: [――――]

For a moment, suspicion was yielded in the composed Balleroy’s thoughts.

All the while, he still continued creating bullets of light and engaging in a ceaseless chain of sniper fire via his Magical Bullets, but it was this very situation that Balleroy harbored suspicion about.

Bringing Medium along with him for the surprise attack, this was the opponent who had imposed a considerable limitation on Balleroy’s Magical Bullets.

Naturally, it was an enemy who had thrown down the gauntlet with the intention of facing Balleroy, so would they really implement such a half-hearted strategy like letting him break through simply by persisting with his signature move?

He could not help but find it strange and peculiar. That was, this very situation in which he could fully display his true nature.

Indeed, it happened right after Balleroy had finished contemplating.

Carillon: [――Kiryararahhh!]

In Balleroy’s stead as he looked through his scope, Carillon gave a loud neigh as it kept vigilance over their surroundings.

While flying at high speeds through the sky above the Crystal Palace, his beloved dragon who had been maintaining a constant distance with the opponent made an appeal, and Balleroy turned his attention to the cause of Carillon’s neigh.

From even higher than Balleroy and Carillon, who were high in the skies above, something was falling towards them.

Balleroy: [――Hk, you’re really giving it to us, ain’t’cha!]

As Balleroy grit his teeth and howled, what pierced the thick clouds and fell towards them, was a threat even more direct than the balls of flame that had targeted the Crystal Palace earlier.

――An enormous mass of ice, akin to the size of a small mountain, ferociously hurtled down from the sky towards the Imperial Capital.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Fighting against Balleroy-dono in a location with no cover will prove to be fatal. After all, he is the greatest flying dragon rider of the Empire… an astounding master of his craft, with range in every conceivable direction.]

Following the advice that Julius had provided whilst he bore a grave look on his face, the aerial battle that Roswaal had been challenged to was the poorest choice of battlefield against the Empire’s finest flying dragon rider.

After all, there was nothing in the sky that could serve as cover. Forwards, backwards, left, and right went without saying, but his opponent was even able to guarantee range on the vertical plane, allowing for every direction in three dimensions; altogether, it was the worst possible environment.

It was normal for a warrior to prepare the most disadvantageous situation for their opponent, so if one were to go out of their way to meet their opponent’s conditions, and choose to fight with a disadvantageous situation for themself, then they would merely be an insane person.

So then, although there was nothing that could have been done regarding the conditions, would that make Roswaal an insane deviant who chose to allow his opponent to fight on a battlefield on which they excelled, at a range at which they triumphed, and with tactics which were their forte?

――Certainly, that was not the case.

Roswaal would not say that he was normal, but he understood that he was not one to burn with a longing for victory, nor was he one to eccentrically enjoy the disadvantages of a war situation.

He recognized his own abnormalities, but those abnormalities were not things he displayed in combat.

Therefore, Roswaal had not done anything so foolish as facing a battlefield on which he had no chance of winning.

???: [Ha! Ha! Haaaah!!]

Within Roswaal’s arms, Medium panted as steam rose from her body.

The high level of heat being transmitted into his palms was proof that the performance of her body was rising in response to her fighting spirit. At the same time, it was also proof that she had surpassed her limits several times in just ten seconds.

The dreadful rapid-fire ability of the Magical Bullets, even if it was clear that they were flying towards her in a manner that would avert a fatal wound, he was deeply impressed that Medium had successfully repelled fifty of the approaching bullets.

But, they did not have another ten seconds. Hence, Roswaal progressed the battle to the next stage.

――Breaking through the clouds that hung over the Imperial Capital, an enormous mass of ice was plummeting from the heavens towards the city’s surface.

A mass of ice so mighty that one could have easily mistaken it for a mountain, Roswaal was naturally the one who had made it fall. However, if he produced a block of ice of that size, no matter how much pride Roswaal had as being the world’s greatest magician, he would barely have any mana remaining after the fact.

Therefore, he had gotten Emilia, who possessed excessive amounts of mana, to create the block of ice.

Roswaal: [She still had so much energy after creating something to that extent. Truly, it is an absurd notion.]

Having performed a marvel equivalent to creating an iceberg, Emilia calmly followed Subaru’s orders and confronted a different battlefield. As reliable as that was, when he considered the possibility that he might have to confront her as adversaries one day, it gave him quite the headache.

However, in this moment, he would depend on that reliability, and would proceed with the stratagem of bringing down the iceberg.

It had been uncertain if all of Roswaal’s mana could be used to produce such an enormous iceberg, but it would not have been too much if he were to simply maintain that which Emilia had created, and keep it afloat.

He had been keeping it on standby since the balls of flame had been brought down, and now, in this moment, he released it from its yoke.

Roswaal: [――――]

The attack had equivalent mass to that of a mountain falling from the sky, but its aim was not to flatten Balleroy from overhead as he flew around in the air. It would be a briefer story if such a thing could be done, but it would likely not be very difficult for Balleroy to escape from the area of damage that the iceberg would inflict.

Hence, the reason for bringing the iceberg down was not to attack Balleroy. ――It was to serve as an obstacle.

Roswaal: [If there’s no cover, then I had better create some.]

Right after he muttered this, Roswaal narrowed his eyes, and then cracks immediately began to form throughout the entirety of the iceberg.

That moment, a high-pitched noise pierced the sky, just as if glass that filled the air had all shattered at once, and the subsequent phenomenon that occurred might have even appeared as if the sky was crumbling.

The iceberg shattered, and as fragments scattered about, chunks of ice chaotically fell towards the ground.

Though the phrasing of shattered had been used, they were fragments of a mountain. Each individual fragment was around the size of a building or a dragon carriage, so it was identical to an avalanche of icebergs tumbling down from the sky.

It was a sight akin to taking a box filled with small pebbles and sand, and turning it upside down over a flowerbed――,

Roswaal: [This, is the true ability of a magician.]

If one could engage in a one-sided attack from a distance at which they excelled, it would be impossible to lose.

That such was the fundamental tactic for certain victory for a magician, had been mentioned earlier. Therefore, Roswaal preferred a fighting style that conformed to that fundamental, and thus he put it into practice.

In order to perform one-sided attacks, it was crucial to reduce the opponent’s “options”.

A proficiency at a certain range, was nothing more than an easily decipherable indicator to help in doing so. By reducing his opponent’s “options”, he could pull the situation towards one that was advantageous for himself.

That, was the fighting style of the world’s strongest magician, Roswaal.

Medium: [Teryaaah!!]

A light passed through the incessant rain of shards and chunks of ice, and Medium cut down the Magical Bullet that had approached.

Medium had been ordered to not be phased no matter what happened, but he was as grateful as he could have been that she was moving in accordance with that order. The Magical Sharpshooter should have also been adequately astounded, but it was commendable that he had magnificently shifted back to attacking right away.

However, his rapid-fire capability and mobility had been reduced beyond compare.

And, above all else――,

Roswaal: [If you’re the kind of person I’ve heard you were, you won’t target me directly with your Magical Bullets. ――After all, if I were to fall from this altitude, there would be no way of saving Medium-kun.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Making an extraordinary war situation into a reality, was an enemy akin to the devil.

Faced with a magician who used Medium as a shield in order to prevent his tactics, Balleroy recognized his opponent as such by means of a clear enmity.

In the Vollachian Empire, so-called magicians were exceedingly valuable.

That was because fundamentally and ethnically, a propensity to be unskilled in handling magic had been passed down, so ultimately the principles of the people of the Empire did not align with magic.

At the roots of the Empire’s people, there was a reverence towards the strong, and that could also be expressed as an adoration for the talents and skills of outstanding warriors. An ideal warrior of the Vollachian Empire would wield their own weapon and overcome their opponent in an exchange of blows, and battles that did not take such a form were shunned.

There were deep-rooted preconceptions and biases regarding other types of fighting styles, and though it had improved under Vincent’s reign, it would still take some time for such things to completely disappear.

The fighting style of Balleroy, known as the Magical Sharpshooter, and the killing methods of the Vicious Old Man, Olbart, the shinobi head honcho, could not be said to be that highly regarded, contrary to the vigilance other nations had of them.

Though, since Balleroy and Olbart did not fight for the sake of fame, neither of them really cared.

Because he had possessed such rationale, Balleroy, unlike other people from the Empire, did not particularly detest magicians. ――He wished to overturn that evaluation from when he had been alive.

Balleroy: [I don’t like your way of doing things one bit, Mister Magician――!]

He admired their skill of using absolutely everything at their disposal to produce their own battlefield, but with their poisonous fangs pointed towards him, going as far as facing him with a member of his own family of all things, fury surged within him.

He truly wished to shoot through that person’s head and heart, but――,

Balleroy: [Carillon――!]

Carillon: [――Kiryararahhh!]

Spurring on his beloved dragon with a pat on the back, the flying dragon picked up speed with a flap of its wings as it neighed.

As Balleroy and Carillon danced through the dark sky, soaring through the hailstorm of unbelievable scale, they focused on conquering the labyrinth of ice that had suddenly been created, attempting to break through.

In the past, there had been instances where people had tried to avoid Balleroy’s Magical Bullets by escaping to a forest, dense with trees, or by hiding away in a sturdy fortress.

When those had happened, Balleroy had cleared the trees with a rapid hail of Magical Bullets to secure a line of sight, and in the second case, he had identified where the opponent was hiding, and then shot a Magical Bullet through the wall to kill the enemy.

But, he had never once attempted to conquer a method as absurd as this until now.

And thus, naturally, he had never once overturned a strategy as absurd as this, either.

Balleroy: [So that means if I get past this, it’ll be my win, ain’t that right?]

While evading the fragments of the shattered iceberg, which would quite likely be able to end one’s life with just a mere graze, Balleroy imagined the figures of Medium and the magician who had set this up.

Aside from those two, there were no others who had ascended to the Imperial Capital’s sky. That was to say, the cards that would be played in the aerial battle against Balleroy, consisted entirely of those two.

It seemed like Serena had not sent out her Flying Dragon Squadron, her pride and joy, to face Balleroy.

Balleroy: [As I’d expect, the High Countess is fully aware.]

Even in aerial combat that utilized flying dragons, there existed a clear hierarchy.

For example, wild flying dragons without a partner would never be able to contend with flying dragons that had a flying dragon rider. A single outstanding pair of flying dragon and rider could exterminate a flock of one-hundred flying dragons.

And thus, if a flying dragon rider were to clash with another flying dragon rider, the superior party would always be victorious. With no relation to the advantage or disadvantage of numbers, the side with the superior flying dragon rider would win.

If there existed no flying dragon riders more capable than Balleroy, then no matter how many flying dragon squadrons were sent in, the only possible outcome would be for mountains of the corpses of valuable flying dragons and their riders alike to pile up.

That was how valuable a superior flying dragon rider was; they were outstanding personnel.

That was why Balleroy did not detest Serena. Her act of authorizing Miles to go on a secret mission to the Kingdom of Lugunica, had been necessary. ――Nothing could have been done about it.

Balleroy: [Even so, I’m gonna――]

As he grit his teeth, the latter half of his mutter was something that even Balleroy himself had been unable to hear.

That was because underneath Balleroy and Carillon, shards of the shattered iceberg crashed into the Imperial Capital one after the other, and a thunderous sound reverberated as a tremendous amount of dust began to rise; the shards destroyed the cityscape, altering its very form.

The miserable amount of damage to the Imperial Capital that had been brought about by magic, the havoc which ought to have been called the Magic Disaster, continued.

It was a city that he had protected during his lifetime, and had grown accustomed to seeing. It was not as if he did not have reservations about it being destroyed, but Balleroy’s attention was more-so focused on his enemy rather than the city that was falling into ruin.

Balleroy: [――――]

Amidst the shattered ice that was fluttering down like dust, there was an illusory sight caused by the light being diffused, and he became able to more clearly see the figure of Medium, who ought to have been further beyond.

However, there was still distance between them. Having brought down an iceberg from above the clouds, and producing damage that heavily demolished the cityscape of the Imperial Capital, the distance they had gained was a negligible amount.

Balleroy: [Hit, hit, hit.]

In order to force back the distance they had gained, Balleroy shortened the amount of time it took for his fired Magical Bullets to reach their target.

And thus, Medium would need an accordingly instantaneous reaction speed. Just how many more shots would the exhausted Medium be able to obstruct?

Even if Balleroy were to reduce his mobility, restricting his line and angle of fire, he would still have the advantage.

That was to say, the next move was coming.

Balleroy: [――? The same bundles of flame from earlier… no.]

There were signs of a change above the clouds, and knocking away an ice shard with his spear, clearing the line of fire with a bullet of light, Balleroy looked up, furrowing his brow.

Hurtling through the large hole in the thick clouds that had been created by the mountain of ice, were numerous flaming spheres and icebergs; though they were not as huge as the mountain of ice from earlier, they were still quite enormous. At the sight of those plummeting down, Balleroy thought that their purpose might have been to add to the obstacles in the sky―― he then perceived his opponent’s true intention.

They were falling down somewhere largely off the mark from the position in which Balleroy and Carillon were―― they were drawing a trajectory headed for a direct hit to the Crystal Palace.

Balleroy: [What the hell d’ya think you’re doing, deviant――!!!]

He was witnessing ice and flame in descent without him as their aim; however, Balleroy shouted as if it was an attack directed towards none other than himself.

They would not bring any direct damage to Balleroy. Instead, they would relentlessly crush Madelyn’s body, which remained in the Palace, and the rest of the people residing within its walls.

He could not afford to let that happen. ――He could not afford to let Sphinx die.

Balleroy: [OHHHHHHH――!!!]

Spreading its wings and making a sharp turn, Carillon made a sudden brake in a position where no chunks of ice would hit. Raising his body as if being flicked off of that very back, Balleroy pointed his spearhead towards the sky above the Crystal Palace, and fired his Magical Bullets.

Since the rate of production of five shots per second would not be able to stop the attack, in this moment, he surpassed a limit that he had never surpassed in his lifetime, and a barrage of Balleroy’s Magical Bullets covered the sky.

The rampaging bullets of light completely shot down the descending flaming spheres and chunks of ice, and he had successfully protected the Crystal Palace from the large-scale damage which would have caused it to come crumbling down.

But at this moment, it was a self-evident truth that Balleroy’s opponent would aim at him while his back was turned――.

Balleroy: [――Hit.]

Hence, while Balleroy was aiming his spearhead at the objects falling towards the Crystal Palace, he aimed the back of his spear at the enemy drawing near, and responded by firing Magical Bullets both forwards and backwards at the same time.

Balleroy: [――――]

He had fired only one Magical Bullet to his rear, but that had been enough.

With his back turned, Balleroy had made it seem like he was presenting an opening, and a flame of magic had been directly approaching him―― pierced head-on by the Magical Bullet, it too exploded mid-air.

The light bullet that had pierced the opponent’s magic continued in its trajectory, heading right for Medium and the magician who had thought that they had taken advantage of an opening, only to be met by a barbarian sword.

Balleroy: [Medi, I’m a man who was once a Divine General.]

When it came to the art of warfare, he would not fall behind his younger sister, regardless of her overflowing motivation.

In order to take her by surprise, the Magical Bullet which Balleroy had fired backwards was a little bit larger than the bullets of light he had fired up until now, and thus its power excelled.

Medium: [――Uwah!]

With a sound of water splashing, both barbarian swords were ripped from Medium’s hands.

Having immediately noticed something different instinctually, it was magnificent that she had intercepted it with two swords instead of one. Though he had intended to blow off everything beneath her left elbow with that shot, it was thanks to that reaction that she had kept both her arms.

However, the outcome would still be the same, now that she had lost her means of defense. With the next shot, he would blow off that arm of hers and put an end to this.

Balleroy: [Hit.]

His spearhead flickered in tandem with his determination, and he finished dealing with the ice and flame that were about to flatten the Crystal Palace.

Then, he immediately ascended with Carillon, and while reopening the distance that had previously been closed, he would create a Magical Bullet that would force Medium to withdraw――,

Balleroy: [Wha…]

――That instant, as if to fully obstruct Balleroy’s field of view, the brilliance of a rainbow blanketed the sky.

△▼△▼△▼△

――In order to defeat Balleroy Temeglyph, Julius’s advice had truly been useful.

It was advice from a person who had already defeated him once.

Not even Subaru could have provided information quite this useful. After all, Subaru was not a warrior, and he tended to give rather vague suggestions when it came to fighting styles.

In any case――,

Julius: [In my fight against Balleroy-dono, I managed to defeat him. Of course, it was not a victory I could have attained without Ferris’s assistance… Why a personage of Balleroy-dono’s caliber had participated in such a rebellion, and had aimed for the venerable life of His Excellency Vincent, even in the future the reason for that will remain…]

Roswaal: [You saw his Book of the Dead, diiidn’t~ you? Truly a hapless coincidence. Julius-kun, if possible, I’d like you to go over what you saw in great detail…]

Julius: [――Margrave Mathers, the only information I shall be reporting is that of Balleroy-dono’s fighting style, and the manner in which I fought against him. I want you to understand that the things I had witnessed without his permission, the feelings that Balleroy-dono had harbored, are things I shall never disclose for the rest of my life.]

Identifying Julius’s attitude, whilst he spoke with a serious expression, as an action that served the interests of the enemy, Roswaal had some methods at his disposal of prying into the information that had been gained from the Book of the Dead. But, Roswaal did not choose to do so, and opted to listen to the only information Julius had decided to report.

Even he himself found that choice surprising.

By nature, if Roswaal had the means of obtaining information from someone, he would deem it acceptable to gain all of the knowledge he could and formulate a plan, and then use it to confront a battle.

And yet, why had he sympathized with Julius’s emotions, and respected his intentions?

He had no definite answer concerning the reason for his change of heart, but―― that mattered not.

Even if he did not know everything about Balleroy Temeglyph, Julius had given a valuable answer. From Roswaal’s perspective, that alone had been sufficient.

Roswaal: [The fact that it was Julius-kun who killed you, is a fact indeed. ――I wonder, do you not even remember the reason behind your own death, Balleroy Temeglyph-kun?]

Through the Authority of Gluttony, Julius’s Name had been eaten.

As a result, the people around Julius, save for the exemption of Subaru, had all forgotten about him. Roswaal was no exception, and it was likely that the deceased were no exception either.

Even Balleroy, who had been felled by the hand of none other than Julius, did not remember what it was that had caused his death.

In other words――,

Roswaal: [――With the same method that caused you to die the first time, I will kill you.]

It was truly a hapless coincidence, and a miraculous happenstance.

This was what Julius had employed to kill Balleroy, and it was a chance of seizing victory that could only be grasped because Julius’s Name had been eaten.

It would be presumptuous of him to even try to imagine the anguish of Julius and Balleroy, who were directly involved, but as an outsider, Roswaal was truly grateful for that happenstance from the bottom of his heart.

――The expansion of the rainbow barrier blocked the path of Balleroy and his flying dragon as they tried to ascend.

A barrier brought about by an aurora, he had heard that such magic had been the decisive blow in Julius’s defeat of Balleroy.

It was an original magic that had been devised by Julius and his Spirits, and reproducing it required an abnormally large amount of Mana to be consumed, even for Roswaal.

Roswaal was capable of using several types of magic at the same time, but utilizing all six types simultaneously was an act devoid of sanity.

While hearing the sound of his own Gate screaming from within him, Roswaal still recreated Julius’s victory condition in order to raise his own chances of winning.

The objective of this was not to be some sort of ridicule or harassment, rather, it was a strategic choice.

Of course, if his goal had simply been to block Balleroy’s escape path, Roswaal could have accomplished the same thing by making use of the flames and wind in which he was proficient. But, the magic he was accustomed to using would have been detected as dangerous with a single glance.

It was necessary to employ magic that Balleroy would be seeing for the very first time, robbing him of his discernment, even if for only a moment.

Therefore, surmising that this aurora of rainbow was also a part of what he had forgotten due to the Authority of Gluttony, Roswaal purposely brought this situation to its final phase with the resolve to shoulder the burden.

Medium: [――Hk.]

As Medium grit her teeth, though both of her barbarian swords had been ripped out of her hands, she still maintained her fighting spirit and clenched her fists.

One or two shots of the Magical Bullets perhaps could have been blocked by sacrificing both of her hands, but he had no intention of engaging in a fight that demanded such a high price.

In the sense that the opponent had been robbed of his options, Medium had already done more than enough work.

On the way to the Imperial Capital, Medium had voiced gratitude towards Subaru, and then Subaru had also conveyed his own gratitude to Medium, but Roswaal felt the exact same way.

Subaru: [What are you talking about, Medium-san? If we’re giving thanks, then I’m the one who should be grateful to you. Thinking about what things would be like if I hadn’t met Medium-san and Flop-san back there, it makes me shudder.]

The way Subaru had put on a bashful performance had made Roswaal want to applaud him.

Certainly, without the assistance of the O’Connell siblings, this assault would not have been successful.

Roswaal: [But――]

Thwarted by the rainbow, they would begin to fall.

Since that was the conclusion that approached the pinnacle of flying dragon riders within the Empire, Roswaal narrowed his eyes――,

Roswaal: [――――]

――That instant, an impact pierced him diagonally from behind, and his consciousness was greatly rocked.

△▼△▼△▼△

The moment the rainbow light stretched out before him, chills ran down Balleroy’s entire body.

Despite being an undead body, it was ironic that the fighting intuition known as survival instincts continued to work away.

Following the appeals of those dead survival instincts, Balleroy faced the barrier that had been created by the aurora, and fired the “hidden bullet” which had been quite literally kept hidden, which became the foundation for overcoming this obstacle.

――As Roswaal had guessed, Balleroy could not remember the cause of his own death.

Why had he ended up losing his life? Even though he could remember the commotion that had served as its impetus, as well as his incentive and reason for participating, the cause of his death was the only thing that remained a blur.

If possible, he thought that it would have been better if he had forgotten things other than the reason behind his death.

But, if he were to forget those things, he would definitely no longer remain himself.

In any case, Balleroy could not recall the moment of his death.

However, upon hearing accounts from the other undead, excluding the people who had died without understanding what was going on, he could not find anybody else who had forgotten the details that had led up to their death.

Because of that, Balleroy thought. He thought about why he had died, about why he could not think of an answer.

And, he had thought about how he must have died, considering as many options as possible.

The possibility that his affiliation with the rebellion had been exposed, and someone like Cecilus had lopped off his head, or his fellow Generals of the First-Class like Groovy and Moguro had purged him.

But, he had his reasons for carrying out that rebellion. ――Thinking that it might have been related to the people who had come from the Kingdom of Lugunica, he had pondered what sort of battle it might have been.

――The method of being defeated by having his path obstructed mid-flight, was the final candidate that he had considered.

Balleroy had arrived at that idea after the battle of the coupled dragon carriages, where he had retrieved the body of Lamia Godwin, and had identified the presence of Flop and Medium.

Back then, when Balleroy had fired a Magical Bullet to restrain the enemy, he had witnessed somebody inside the coupled dragon carriage defend against it by putting up a barrier of rainbow. ――It was after he had seen that rainbow.

He could not be sure. But, he had felt that it was a troublesome technique.

That was why, no matter what sort of corner he was forced into, he had kept it in mind to prepare one spare Magical Bullet, such that he could instantaneously fire it at any moment.

That had been useful in tearing through this rainbow barrier.

Carillon: [――Kiryararahhh!]

Carillon roared as it pierced through the rainbow, and while sustaining wounds over its entire body, they escaped the enclosure.

Maximizing the advantages of having become an undead flying dragon, his beloved dragon flew in a path towards survival as its painful wounds began to regenerate; grateful for that, Balleroy charged his spear with a Magical Bullet, and as he readied it diagonally,

Balleroy: [Hit.]

The bullet that had been fired flew straight in a direction that was off the mark from the enemy. However, in the line of fire of the bullet of light was some falling debris from the chunks of ice, and the light bullet slid diagonally across the surface of the ice.

With that momentum, the light bullet bounced around the surrounding debris, bouncing around, bouncing around―― then, it pierced the back of the enemy who had unleashed the rainbow upon him.

Having been born, having died, he had succeeded in the ricocheting of light for the first time.

Having quite literally flown over the boundary of death, Balleroy had evolved his magical technique even further.

――Unfortunately for Roswaal, by attempting to select magic that was supposed to have been seen for the first time by Balleroy in order to delay his response, he had actually allowed for an instinctive reaction to the rainbow he was seeing for the second time.

???: [Ros-chin――!!]

Struck by a ricochet from an unexpected angle, the magician’s flight had been hindered, and a scream called out for him.

From within the arms of the magician, Medium had been unable to do anything about an attack from a position she could not defend, and that scream sounded from her grievous voice.

If he had aimed directly for the magician and shot them down, they would have fallen from quite a high elevation, and there was the danger that he would not have been able to save Medium.

That had resulted in Balleroy being restricted to only targeting Medium, but the descent of the iceberg and the attack on the Crystal Palace had actually backfired on his opponent.

Balleroy: [At this distance, I can catch ya before ya fall.]

The long-distance battle of several kilometers between the southwest and northernmost point of the Imperial Capital had lost that distance in the midst of battle; it was now a distance such that he would be able to catch Medium before his opponent crashed into the ground.

Balleroy patted Carillon’s neck, and slipping past the chunks of ice, it faced its wings in that direction in order to retrieve Medium.

While preparing himself to endure all the verbal abuse that Medium would throw at him――,

Medium: [Ros-chin?]

Suddenly, the audible voice was one of innocence, completely dissimilar to the shriek from just before.

If something were to be said, then it had been a tone bereft of what was characteristic for Medium, but the strangeness of hearing that in the midst of this battle, and the subsequent development, stole Balleroy’s attention.

Balleroy: [Wha…]

An undead with black eyeballs and golden irises looming within; with those eyes opened wide, Balleroy was left speechless.

Within Balleroy’s vision, Medium parted from the arms of the magician who had been flying in the sky, and began to fall towards the ground below―― no, she was not falling. She had been thrown.

Vigor having been applied to Medium’s body, she had been thrown towards the surface with utmost strength.

With a speed much faster than that of a free fall, she plummeted towards the ground. If he did not move to catch her right away, he would not make it in time.

Right after he had thought that, Balleroy understood what that devil had been thinking.

Balleroy: [――――]

The moment before he chose to fly to Medium, Balleroy’s gaze crossed with the magician’s.

At a distance where he could finally see his opponent’s face clearly, even without the scope, it was a man with an exceedingly aggravating face.

His back having been struck, while blood spilled from his mouth, the opponent was still smiling.

Shooting a Magical Bullet at that smile, he immediately soared towards Medium. He would not let things go in accordance with his opponent’s intentions――,

Carillon: [――Kiryararahhh!]

At that moment, Carillon’s neigh pulled Balleroy’s attention towards Medium.

Having been thrown away, Medium was plummeting towards the ground. The speed at which she fell was high, but it was likely that Balleroy and Carillon would be able to reach her in time. ――No, it would have been likely.

What awaited Medium at the end of her fall, were spikes of ice from the wreckage of the shattered ice chunks.

Balleroy: [――――]

He hallucinated the vision of Medium’s body being torn to shreds by the blades of ice.

From his opponent’s perspective, Medium should have been an ally. His reasoning cried out that such an obvious fact would not serve as insurance before an opponent like this.

This opponent was a magician. A magician who would make full use of absolutely everything at his disposal as his own property――.

Balleroy: [――――]

He had only a moment to think, and the result would appear immediately afterwards.

There was a single Magical Bullet stored in Balleroy’s spearhead, and he only had one chance to make his decision. That was, whether he would shoot this Magical Bullet at the magician, or at the ice spikes.

――Balleroy hated the deaths of his own people more than anything else.

Balleroy: [――Ain’t that right, Big Bro Miles?]

Carillon: [――Kiryararahhh!]

As he whispered in appeal, his beloved dragon neighed as if to express its approval.

That instant, the fired Magical Bullet flew straight, thoroughly destroying the ice spikes that were threatening to pierce the falling Medium.

And then――,

Roswaal: [――The cause of your defeat, was that you wavered when it came to what was most important.]

Together with the unfeeling voice of the man, a Magical Bullet fired by his opponent pierced Balleroy’s chest, along with the wing of his beloved dragon, bringing this battle of sky to its conclusion.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

In German folklore, the figure of the Freischütz is a marksman who, by a contract with the devil, has obtained a certain number of bullets destined to hit without fail whatever object he wishes. As the legend is usually told, six of the magic bullets are thus subservient to the marksman’s will, but the seventh is at the absolute disposal of the devil himself.

--- Chapter 54: Soumatou ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Before he could even notice it, Garfiel Tinzel found himself sitting in a dark place.

Garfiel: [Ah?]

With his sharp eyes widened, Garfiel glanced around.

There was no familiarity to the place. In the dimly-lit area, Garfiel was sunk deep into a chair, elbows on his knees and chin resting on his hands.

What in the world could have brought him to be in such a place?

Garfiel: [Where the fuck am I…]

Wrinkling his nose in suspicion, Garfiel sniffed.

Garfiel’s excellent sense of smell, though not as acute as that of a hyenaperson, was useful for assessing situations. Picking up information about his surroundings was more of an instinctive action―― yet, his sense of smell was not working well.

It was not as if he could not sense any smell, but rather that it seemed elusive.

Speaking of elusiveness, it was not just the smell. The surrounding situation was likewise.

As previously mentioned, he found himself in a dimly-lit area. The ceiling was high, and the chair Garfiel was seated upon was not the only one, as there were rows of chairs arranged on both sides. Moreover, there seemed to be multiple rows of chairs both before and behind Garfiel, with him occupying a seat in the middle of the space.

Just as he was contemplating this, Garfiel recalled something similar to this scene.

Garfiel: [This must be some kinda theater where they do plays or somethin’.]

Once the idea of a theater was spoken, the image solidified in his mind, and it seemed clear-cut.

Indeed. Garfiel was in a theater, sitting in the middle of the auditorium. The dim lighting and high ceiling were all essential elements for theater performances.

Just as Garfiel came to this understanding of his situation, as if on cue, a loud, resonant bell chimed throughout the theater. ――A signal for the beginning of the performance.

Garfiel: [――――]

With widened eyes, Garfiel froze in place, leaving his inner thoughts behind, as a change occurred in front of the audience’s seating―― the curtain rose, unveiling the previously hidden stage.

And, on that stage, bathed in the audience’s gaze, was――,

Garfiel: […A cat?]

Garfiel’s muttered words, accompanied by a frown, succinctly captured the scene on the stage.

In truth, awaiting the start of the performance, now that the curtain had been raised, was a small cat. A tiny gray cat standing on two legs, its arms outstretched.

Its small size, even more reductive than that of the kitten-people Garfiel was aware of, Mimi being one such case, was truly akin to that of a palm.

One such small cat, then two, then three, began the start of their performance on the stage.

Each cat looked identical. And before Garfiel, swept along by the situation, the three cats began to move. ――Each was adorned with different props.

One wore a golden wig, another a red wig, and the last one a white cotton tuft on its head.

Then, before Garfiel’s blinking eyes, the three cats moved to their respective positions on the stage, where they began to perform spectacular movements.

The golden-haired cat and the cotton-tufted cat collided, while the red-haired cat stood still, watching.

Quite the literal scuffle had broken out.

Garfiel: [What the fuck’s this…]

Stunned, Garfiel watched as the cats became entangled on the stage.

The props on the stage were quite elaborate, with a backdrop depicting a stone-hewn cityscape. The houses and kabuki paintings on the walls started to become broken, destroyed, and thrown around as the cats fought with each other.

It was quite the flashy, intricate horseplay, such that one would think it to be almost charming.

Garfiel: [――? That cat, now that I think ’bout it, ain’t I seen it somewhere before?]

Suddenly, as he focused on the performing kittens, Garfiel felt a tug in his memory. Scratching at the lid of his nearly-closed recollection, he gradually opened it, and understanding began to emerge.

Those kittens, they looked just like the pictures that Subaru would draw at Emilia and Beatrice’s insistence, depicting the Great Spirit who was contracted to Emilia.

Garfiel: [Nah, I said what the hell’s up with that!]

Despite having an idea come to mind, Garfiel was indignant because he could not grasp what it meant. He inadvertently raised his voice, causing the kittens on stage to stop their movements in surprise.

Catching a glimpse of the three kittens peeking at him, Garfiel felt mortified.

He did not feel like there was a reason to apologize, nor did he want to insist that there was not one, but――,

???: [――Truly a fool. Sit down, Garf.]

Garfiel: [Oh…]

???: [Watching quietly is the etiquette of theater. Are you trying to disrupt the performance?]

Having been abruptly reprimanded, Garfiel turned to the side with his eyes peeled.

To his left, where there had been no one just moments before, sat a girl with pink hair―― Ram. She pulled Garfiel back by his waistband and sat him down, and then to the kittens who were looking at her with glazed-over eyes, she arrogantly said “Continue”.

Following Ram’s instructions, the kittens resumed their onstage banter. However, Garfiel found Ram’s presence more significant than the stage performance.

Garfiel: [Ram, the fuck’re ya doin’ here? ‘N who the hell are those guys?]

Ram: [Garf.]

Garfiel: [No, this ain’t the time to be talkin’. Anyway, we gotta get outta here! I don’t care where we are, I’ll make sure to keep ya safe.]

Ram: [Garf.]

Garfiel: [Right, lemme know yer thoughts, Ram. Honestly, it’s prolly better to think ’bout things the two of us together than for my amazin’ self to think alone――]

Ram: [――Garf, haven’t you realized?]

Driven by impatience, Garfiel’s tone of voice became more and more agitated, choking up at Ram’s words.

In front of the blinking Garfiel, Ram kept her usual cool demeanor, fixing her eyes on the stage.

Feeling frustrated by the one he loved not reciprocating the attention he was giving her, Garfiel also glanced up at the stage to see what had caught her attention, and he saw the unchanged playful antics of the kittens.

However, he soon realized that there was a hidden meaning beneath their continued playful interactions.

The golden-haired kitten, the red-haired kitten, and the cotton-tufted kitten faced each other and flailed about, wreaking havoc on the cityscape backdrop―― until finally, the cotton-tufted kitten shoved the golden-haired kitten, causing it to tumble.

The fallen golden-haired kitten ended up trapped beneath a fallen prop.

What could this performance be about――,

Ram: [Garf.]

Once again, called by Ram’s quiet voice, Garfiel turned around. And then, the light-crimson eyes that had been watching the stage up until now met his own, and their gazes collided head-on.

He looked at Ram’s face, which normally made his heart pound when seeing it up close; however, at this moment, what was throbbing inside Garfiel was not love, but an instinctive warning bell.

Sensing Garfiel’s realization, Ram let out a small sigh,

Ram: [You, are dying.]

And so, she declared that the theater he was witnessing was merely a fleeting dream.

△▼△▼△▼△

――A kitten wearing a golden wig rolling onto the stage, which was his own appearance.

Once he did understand that in a certain way, this entire program appeared to be like nothing but a bad joke.

While confronting the enemy, the cotton-tufted kitten, he had been the one protecting the red-haired kitten behind him. As he pondered upon it, little-by-little, his memory became clearer.

Garfiel: [That’s right, right now my amazin’ self’s in the middle of fightin’ the Dragon that Captain asked me to… So that cotton-tufted one’s the Dragon!? ‘N the red-haired one’s the old man!?]

Ram: [That one has become rather cute.]

Garfiel: [As much as I wanna hear which one, this ain’t the time for that. I gotta get back soon…!]

Ram: [Wait.]

Garfiel: [Gooaah!]

Having understood the situation, Garfiel promptly attempted to jump into action, but he could only cry out in pain as the string of his necklace was pulled tight. Ram had forcibly stopped Garfiel and hastily turned him around to face her, and as Garfiel bore his fangs and was about to yell at her,

???: [Wait, wait, Garfiel. Stay right here like Nee-sama said. Let’s call a timeout.]

Saying so, Natsuki Subaru, who occupied the other seat next to Ram, stopped Garfiel.

The appearance of this Subaru, was one that had not been seen in a while, with long arms and legs―― long in comparison to the present state, but not actually all that long, such was his appearance.

Subaru: [Hey, right now, didn’t you just think of something really hurtful?]

Garfiel: [Don’t’cha fret ‘bout it, Captain. Ain’t’cha always sayin’ that ya got short legs n’ a long torso?]

Subaru: [Saying it yourself versus having it said to you are entirely different kinds of damage! That’s how it’s supposed to be! Am I right, Beako? Emilia-tan?]

Beatrice: [Subaru, right now, it’s Bubby’s moment to shine in the play, so stop interrupting, in fact.]

Emilia: [Sorry, Subaru. I’ll make sure to listen to what you have to say later…]

Subaru, who was finally back to his previous size, was altogether brushed aside by both Beatrice, who was sitting on his lap, and Emilia, who was seated next to him. The girls were way too absorbed in each and every move of the kittens on stage to give Subaru even the slightest attention.

Listening to the conversation between the disappointedly slump-shouldered Subaru and the others, Garfiel meanwhile recalled that the actual name of the kitten, whom he did not know personally, was Puck.

Furthermore, this kind of interaction of Subaru with the rest of the group felt similar to ones he had witnessed in the past.

???: [You are correct, this is a memory of the original theater that this space is based upon. You see, it looks just like the theater we were invited to when we all went to see the play about the Subjugation of the White Whale.]

???: [Garf-san was totally in love with that play. I had a lot of fun too, so I know how you feel.]

Garfiel: [Ottobro, Petra…]

This time, the voices came from behind him, and he turned around, where his gaze was met with Petra, who was waving her hands in the air, and Otto, who was seated next to her and was shrugging his shoulders.

Furthermore, besides Otto, he saw a woman with long, golden hair――,

Garfiel: [Gaoh…]

???: [That is quite the pathetic face you are making, Garf. Besides, Ram raises an unusually valid point this time. So sit, and calm down.]

Garfiel: [Oh, even if ya tell me to calm down…]

???: [Now now. Won’t’cha lend an ear ta what all these people ‘round ya are sayin’? Good grief, one’d expect some growth after not seein’ ya for so long, but yer still wet behind the ears, aren’t’cha, Gar-bo.]

Garfiel: [Geh! Nann… Granny!?]

Ryuzu: […Why’d ya have ta correct yerself ta make it worse?]

Within the eyes of the astonished Garfiel, the figures of his grandmother, Ryuzu, together with his elder sister were reflected.

At that unexpected lineup, Garfiel was left flabbergasted, and Ram, who was right next to him, once again pulled him by the waistband, forcing him to sit down.

Ram: [So? Have you calmed down a little?]

Garfiel: [Just like “Dagraham‘s encirclement”, this ain’t a situation to calm down…! I just sat down ’cause my knees felt a bit weak… What the hell’s goin’ on?]

Ram: [For the time being, it seems like you’re inclined to listen to what Ram has to say. Good.]

???: [As expected of you, Nee-sama.]

Garfiel: [Whoa!?]

Ram nodded with her usually cold expression, when suddenly an audience member seated in front of them turned around and interjected. Realizing that it was Rem, Ram’s light blue-haired younger sister, Garfiel blinked.

However, Rem essentially ignored Garfiel and had turned back around to face forward again.

Garfiel: [Huh, what the…?]

Subaru: [That’s how it is. Garfiel, you don’t have much of a mental image of Rem yet, so she’s only going to react nebulously. It’s completely within the scope of how I impersonated her.]

Garfiel: [At the rate people’re poppin’ up, ain’t it gonna get hella crowded in here, dammit.]

At Rem’s vapidity, with Beatrice seated on his lap, Subaru responded while playing with her hair.

While this reasoning was somewhat convincing, if the person in question could not be recreated properly, then what was the point in keeping them in this theater in the first place; such was his impression.

Frederica: [You have it all wrong, Garf. It is true that you do not know much about Rem yet, but that does not mean you do not care about her. That is the reason why she is here.]

???: [I agree. A person you are concerned about will continue to remain strongly in your heart. Familiarity with the person in question is not all that important, I think that’s the crucial matter in this case.]

Garfiel: [This ain’t good for my heart.]

Somehow, as he was beginning to understand the rules of the theater, the explanation that came from Frederica and Reinhard, who had somehow come to be sitting in the rows behind, lacked a sense of reality.

Since none of this was real, it seemed like lacking that sense of reality was apt. In all likelihood, Frederica and Reinhard being in the same place, and having a conversation like this, had never happened before.

However――,

Garfiel: [My impatience from earlier’s startin’ to calm down. That bein’ said, should I just stay quiet like Ram said? I’m somehow startin’ to feel sleepy…]

Ram: [Ha! What is this idiocy I am hearing? If you fall asleep, you’ll die.]

Garfiel: [So this place really is dangerous after all!]

Beatrice, Emilia & Petra: [Shhh.]

As soon as he raised his voice, Beatrice and Emilia put their fingers to their lips, and Petra admonished him. Being singled out made his lips quiver, and Garfiel clicked his fangs and fell silent.

He was told not to rush back, but then he was told not to be too calm, or else he would die; just what did they want Garfiel to do?

???: [It’s about not returning empty-haaanded~. Just do not try to overthink too much.]

Garfiel: [Urggh, even inside my amazin’ self’s head you piss me off…]

???: [Oya oya, I am so haaated~. Although, blaming me would be absurd, so expressing my regret and apologizing would be an oddity.]

Seated one row behind with his long legs crossed, Roswaal fanned the flames. Looking towards him in frustration, as Garfiel was about to complain, he was suddenly at a loss for words.

He was aware that Reinhard, who had spoken out earlier, was seated next to Roswaal. However, the problem was the other person sitting next to him.

When the woman clad in black noticed Garfiel’s gaze, she smiled sweetly with an “Ara”,

???: [You’re looking at me with quite the burning gaze. Although it’s in a place like this, will you join me in slicing each other to our heart’s content?]

Garfiel: […Doin’ that wouldn’t be any fun. I’d also feel bad for Meili. So I ain’t gonna do it.]

???: [Oh, how disappointing. But, I don’t feel that bad, knowing that you have a place for me inside of you.]

???: [Since it is you Elsa, it is because of your nasty personaaality.]

As a blood-colored smile appeared on Elsa’s face, Meili took over the conversation from her, who was flanking Garfiel by sitting in the row in front of him, right next to Rem.

Somehow, he was beginning to understand the significance of the seating arrangements. If he was right, then naturally next to Elsa, a giant blue-skinned man with eight arms should have been present.

???: [————]

The giant man kept a rock-like expression on his face, and glancing at Garfiel, he remained silent.

Exposed to that silent pressure, Garfiel took a short breath, clenching his fist tighter and tighter. And then, that was when Garfiel’s clenched fist was enveloped by the hand of a small shadow that had leaned over from the seat in front.

???: [Garf, are you okaaay~? Can you do it? Mimi’s super worried.]

Garfiel: [Mimi…]

Ram: [That’s right. Garf is a coward at heart.]

The round-eyed Mimi took hold of his right hand, and his left hand was taken by Ram who was next to him.

Garfiel looked up, glanced around at their faces, and then let out a long, long sigh.

This was not a scene out of reality, Garfiel himself was about to die.

Despite that, the companions within his mind stopped him from going back immediately, and them taking turns talking to him like this, was like the “ soumatou ” that he had once heard about from Subaru. [1]

Subaru: [But you know, Garfiel. Normally, in a soumatou , all of your memories from birth till the current moment flash before your eyes in a jiffy, it’s not something where you get summoned to a theater.]

Garfiel: […So then, the fuck’s this supposed to be, Captain?]

Subaru: [For that, you’re gonna have to find the answer yourself.]

Rem: [As expected of Subaru-kun. I’m impressed.]

Garfiel: [――By myself.]

For a moment, despite the extra interjection in between, Garfiel went deep into rumination.

If this was not a soumatou , and the answer was instead to be found by himself, then was it not just a momentary respite until the dying Garfiel could stand back up?

If he did not stand up right away, he would fail to fulfill the role he had been entrusted with――.

Beatrice: [Uu, I hope each of the Bubbys do their best, I suppose…!]

Emilia: [That’s right. No matter the outcome, let’s properly see it through to the end…!]

Indifferent to the anxious Garfiel, Beatrice and Emilia, who were watching the play, seemed to be getting more excited as the climax of the performance approached.

In suspense, and experiencing a whirlwind of emotions from what was occurring on the stage, the two held hands as the peculiar portrayal of Puck and Puck clashing with each other swayed their emotions tempestuously.

On stage, the golden-haired Puck had fallen over, and the red-haired Puck was restraining the cotton-tufted Puck as he tried to move in the direction of the golden-haired Puck, an undoubtedly perilous predicament――,

Garfiel: [――The red-haired one…]

The red-haired Puck, while protecting the golden-haired Puck, was facing the cotton-tufted Puck.

The situation on the stage had changed while Garfiel had not been looking, and fearing that it was a reflection of reality, Garfiel’s expression changed as he gnashed his fangs.

As expected, he needed to get back right away――,

Ram: [――Truly a fool.]

It was a familiar affront, but unlike the usual tone imbued with a bit of gentleness, the voice carried within it a more definite rebuke.

Garfiel’s eyes widened at Ram’s words, and she pointed to the stage with the hand opposite the one she had placed over Garfiel’s. Looking at the stage that had been directed to, he found that the situation had continued to progress.

The collapsed, golden-haired Puck had arisen, and had pushed aside the red-haired Puck. It immediately began to head for the cotton-tufted Puck―― with a single blow from the cotton-tufted Puck, the golden-haired Puck turned into light.

Subaru: [ One out . However, in life, you don’t get three outs . One out is how it ends.]

Having turned the golden-haired Puck into light, the cotton-tufted Puck chased after the red-haired Puck, as the latter turned around in an attempt to run away, also being turned into light by the former. Thus, the cotton-tufted Puck alone remained on stage, and the play reached its curtain’s close.

Amid sparse applause, the stage curtain descended, with the cotton-tufted Puck bowing deeply, and as the stage signaled the end of the performance――,

Mimi: [Ehhh~! That wasn’t enjoyable at all! Mimi isn’t satisfieeed~!]

And so, Mimi, who like Ram was also holding Garfiel’s hand, stretched out her tail and started to throw a tantrum like a misbehaving child.

However, for a play that had already reached its conclusion, speaking out like that was pointless―― but that had not been so.

In the next moment, the opening bell resounded within the theater, and the curtain that had been lowered began to rise once more.

And on the other side of the curtain, the golden-haired Puck and the red-haired Puck, who ought to have disappeared, along with the cotton-tufted Puck, who ought to have made them disappear, were facing off; protecting the collapsed golden-haired, the climactic scene where red-haired confronted cotton-tufted was being reenacted.

Garfiel: [The hell…]

Unsure of what in the world was unfolding, Garfiel’s throat quivered.

And then, to Garfiel, whose thoughts had gone blank,

Ram: [Just recklessly standing back up didn’t work, now did it? If so, then what will you do?]

So asked Ram, calmly with one eye closed.

To that question from Ram, Garfiel gulped, and he looked upon the stage once again.

Rem: [Nee-sama is wonderful.]

Truly, that was so; with the younger sister whom he was not yet too familiar with, Garfiel wholeheartedly agreed.

△▼△▼△▼△

Onstage, the golden-haired Puck evaporated into light again and again.

It seemed that a great deal of improvisation was allowed in this play, and the content was influenced to a great extent by the audience’s opinions.

However――,

Reinhard: [How about a serious kick to turn the entire Imperial Capital upside down?]

Elsa: [How about pretending just once to be gravely injured, and aiming at your opponent when they think you’re dead?]

Roswaal: [Even Dragons seem to have some sort of attachment. For example, hooow~ about using a friend of the Dragon who may be in the Imperial Capital as a shield?]

Garfiel: [If all ya can think of is impossible crap or cowardly plans, then shut up!]

Opinions that were not even adopted to the stage were shared one after another, and as Garfiel barked back furiously at the people behind him they all shut their mouths in unison.

Simply, since it was their words and actions as perceived by Garfiel, he could not help but feel unproductive because he felt as if he was angry with himself.

Otto: [At the very least, he needs to take advantage of the terrain. The difference between a large and small body can be fatal, but on the other hand, there must be a gap that can be used by being small.]

Petra: [Yeah, that’s right. Garf-san’s body is smaller than the Dragon’s, and he might lose in a contest of strength but… that’s why we should talk about what contest he can win in.]

Subaru: [In theory, yes, but in practice, how can we do it? Garfiel aside, if it were me, I wouldn’t be able to win a fight against a Dragon even if it was doing a handstand.]

Otto: [The thought of Natsuki-san exterminating a Dragon, I would not expect that from anyone but Garfiel.]

On the other hand, he felt that his comrades beside him who were speaking constructively were speaking more wisely than Garfiel, even though they were Garfiel’s perception of them.

Of course, the real people would have conversations like this, but――.

Subaru: [Emilia-tan, do you have any advice for Garfiel?]

Emilia: [Me? Well… I think that the part where he couldn’t catch Mezoreia’s tail before they hit him like that, that part wasn’t good. He may have been in a difficult position, but instead of trying to catch it, couldn’t he have dodged it?]

Subaru: [You really responded better than I thought!]

Rem: [As expected of Emilia-san.]

While she watched the Pucks prance on stage, Emilia made an accurate point and Subaru and Rem both responded to her.  He did not know if Rem’s response was correct, but perhaps her statement was a direct reflection of Garfiel’s feelings.

At any rate, he felt that things were gradually coming into view.

However, when one piled something up and piled it up and piled it up, and then brought it back to reality, how likely was it that it would actually be useful?

Ryuzu: [Yer worried, aren’t’cha, Gar-bo?]

Garfiel: [Honestly, my feelings of shame are stronger than those of unease. My amazin’ self’s the one who Captain entrusted the duty of dealin’ with that Dragon.]

Ryuzu looked at his face and Garfiel expressed his loathsome feelings.

He had jumped in with gusto, nearly died in the heat of battle, and once that had been lacking, Garfiel had built a theater in his head with a large group of his friends―― well, some were not his friends, but by all of them he was comforted.

Ryuzu: [And, what’s so shameful ‘bout that?]

Garfiel: [――――]

Upon being asked that, Garfiel furrowed his brow and raised his head. Lined up next to Ryuzu was Frederica, who was staring at Garfiel.

With the same emerald eyes as Garfiel, she squinted.

Frederica: [What is shameful about this, Garf?]

She piled on the same question.

Garfiel: [It’s… shameful, ain’t it. Everyone else’s fightin’ by themselves, n’ yet, only my amazin’ self… Hk.]

Ryuzu: [If ya can’t fight by yerself then that’s shameful. Is that what yer sayin’?]

Garfiel: [Yeah! Wait, no, that ain’t right. I ain’t sayin’ it’s shameful to work together in a fight. This , meaning, havin’ my friends bustlin’ together in my head.]

Frederica: [――Seriously, that is impossible, Garf.]

Having been driven ragged, all he could do was rely on the companions in his own mind.

Towards Garfiel who was vigorously trying to break away from that attitude, Frederica spoke clearly.

With her emerald-green eyes narrowed, Frederica sighed at the stiffening Garfiel and,

Frederica: [You really are quite dumb, Garf. Please take a look at your surroundings.]

Garfiel: [My surroundings…]

Being told this, Garfiel looked around the inside of the theater.

His companions were lined up in the seats next to him, his enemies were in the seats behind, those who he was hesitant to call his allies were in front of him, and—— before he knew it, there were no empty seats left in the theater, all of them were filled with faces that Garfiel was familiar with.

Garfiel: [————]

Ram, Subaru and some others were naturally there, and so were Roswaal, Reinhard, Mimi, Rem and the others, and there were even more people beyond that.

There were also the people of the Mathers Domain, and there were also those that he had come to know over the course of his journey in the Empire.

There were the companions he was fond of and other people who he could not get close with, but every single one of them had come into contact with Garfiel’s life in some way, and each had secured themselves a seat.

Ryuzu: [My oh my, the theater’s jam-packed. Soon we won’t all be able to fit in here no more.]

Seeing the same thing as Garfiel, Ryuzu let out a good humored chuckle.

As his grandmother had stated, the theater was so full that some people had to stand. Everyone looked at the scene of the Pucks atop the stage, watching how the Puck that played the role of Garfiel was losing.

At that reality, his face began to heat up. What a pathetic, disgraceful manner of losing.

Everyone was surely fed up with him——,

Ram: [——Truly a fool.]

Mimi: [You know, Garf. All of this is inside Garf’s head, right? But, Garf’s head isn’t very smart. Just like Mimi! So, that also goes for what everyone is saying, right?]

Being spoken to from both his left and right in quick succession, Garfiel blinked his eyes.

Then when he looked around again, everyone who had previously been looking at the stage had turned to face Garfiel himself. Looking at each of their faces one-by-one, he thought back on the type of people they were.

Everyone had spoken as much as they pleased throwing their complaints towards the Puck playing the role of Garfiel that kept losing, but——,

Garfiel: [Nobody’s tellin’ my amazin’ self anythin’ that’s convenient for me, or anythin’ that I don’t think they’d say.]

Ram’s words were direct, and Mimi’s were vague, but they were both saying the same thing.

If this theater was in Garfiel’s head, and for the sake of comforting his beaten and dying self, he had gathered his family, friends, acquaintances, and even enemies, then that would be beyond pathetic.

But, Garfiel was not smart.

Getting people to think and say things that they would not normally say, or having them line up convenient words to comfort his heart like he was playing with puppets, were the sort of complicated things he was unable to do.

Subaru: [As you’ve thought, you can’t put what we’ve discussed here to good use in the outside world. This is just consolation, a temporary peace of mind. But, there’s nothing wrong with resting, even if it’s just your mind.]

Beatrice: [Even though it was Subaru who requested him to stop the Dragon, that is quite the manner of speaking, in fact.]

Subaru: [That’s because I’m the me inside Garfiel’s head…!]

Emilia: [Wait, so that means, when it feels like you’re about to say reaaally difficult things, it’s just because that’s how it seems to Garfiel? Is that so?]

Emilia, with a puzzled look on her face, asked this, making Garfiel let out an “Ah”.

He looked overhead, taking a moment to think before lowering his gaze.

Garfiel: [Maybe since I’m fine with however much the Captain asks of me, the Captain in my amazin’ self’s head can say things like that.]

Otto: [Even supposing that were the case, you should know that the people around you are giving you their honest advice. Really, I have no clue where you learnt to think like this…]

Frederica: […Otto-sama would say that, now wouldn’t he?]

As Otto pointed at himself with a disappointed expression, Frederica gave a wry smile. Seeing this, Petra placed a hand over her mouth, letting out an “Aha”, a laughter which began to spread throughout her surroundings.

Before Garfiel realized it, he had joined in the laughter, in spite of himself.

Garfiel: [Well, like, maybe I was bein’ a bit stubborn.]

Ryuzu: [Oh, Gar-bo?]

Garfiel: [‘Cause Captain asked me to do it, n’ also ‘cause the Empire was at risk. Sure, my opponent’s a Dragon, n’ like always we can’t afford to lose, but what the hell.]

Slowly, Garfiel moved his hands apart from their interlocking and raised them up. Then, he brought them together with force before his chest, letting out a thunk.

With that pose, with the reverberating sound of his gnashing fangs, with his rising fighting spirit,

Garfiel: [This here, is a job entrusted to my amazin’ self, but my amazin’ self ain’t gonna be fightin’ alone.]

???: [——Magnificent.]

Inspired by Garfiel’s rising spirits, a low, solemn commendation hung over the room.

It had come from a seat behind him, and Garfiel did not need to confirm that this single word had been spoken by a giant with four pairs of crossed arms. Now, there was just one thing that he wanted to ascertain.

Garfiel: [I told’cha, Captain! I’ll make that flyin’, bellyachin’ Dragon drop to the ground!]

Subaru: [——Yeah! Like you said! Go and get ‘em!]

Garfiel: [Hyooo!]

With an energetic reply, Garfiel stood up with verve.

And, unlike the other times when he stood up where she had pulled him back, Ram did not move. Garfiel glanced at her, and as she looked at the stage while embracing her elbows,

Ram: [What?]

Garfiel: [Ha! It’s nothin’. Seems like in my amazin’ self’s head, you ain’t that unswayable of a woman.]

Ram: [There’s no need to go out of the way to say what’s already obvious. That’s what Garf is for.]

Garfiel flashed a wry smile at Ram as she shrugged her dainty shoulders, not even turning her gaze over his way. In her place, Mimi nimbly jumped on top of her seat,

Mimi: [Then, Mimi speaks! Garf, it’d be so cool if you won this!]

Laughing at his declaration, Mimi slapped Garfiel’s back with all the strength she could muster.

Then, a beat later, just like Mimi had, Subaru, Beatrice, Emilia, Petra, Frederica, and Ryuzu all clapped Garfiel on the back.

As he was being pushed out, Garfiel was clapped on the back, and he faced towards the exit of the theater.

Garfiel: [Ottobro! Give me some advice .]

Otto: [Let me see… When it comes to dangerous behavior like risking your life, I would not allow that for anyone other than for myself.]

Garfiel: [I don’t wanna just be told that by you, Ottobro!]

His joking older brother gave him a slap on the back, forcing Garfiel towards the exit of the theater.

As he was forced towards the doorway, he saw his younger siblings, who he had thought could not be found in any of the seats, and towards them and his mother who held them by their shoulders, he directed a thumbs up.

An encounter that had filled the entirety of the theater, it had been a good soumatou .

And so, in those final moments, he pointed his finger towards the Pucks onstage, and,

Garfiel: [——My amazin’ self ain’t a cat! I’m the Gorgeous Tiger !]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――――]

Dragons were beings that were often likened to natural disasters and cataclysms, but the way the Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia, was rampaging about left that judgment no room for objection whatsoever.

It was an incarnation of destruction, one which had completely changed the scenery of the Imperial Capital from what it had been just a few minutes, its fierce rampage a sight utterly inconceivable for this world; witnessing that, Heinkel’s legs could not stop shaking as his heart shattered.

There had also been someone who had altered Heinkel’s destiny in a mere instant.

However, they had suffered a crushing defeat in an exchange of blows against the Dragon, and had been blown away by a roar which split the very ground asunder. Debris had rained down upon them, and had buried them underneath.

That was why there was no point, even though he had told them.

Senselessly, mercilessly, the golden-haired boy had lost his life.

And Heinkel had been unable to do anything but silently watch――,

???: [――I’M THE GORGEOUS TIGER !!]

The next moment, an explosion occurred from within the mountain of rubble, and an angry roar reverberated.

At the event that had been far too abrupt, Heinkel’s throat clogged up in shock, astonished by the person who had thrust their first upwards and blown away the mountain of rubble―― Garfiel.

Garfiel: [Ahh, shit… How long’s my amazin’ self been sleepin’ for…?]

Staggeringly shaking his head, Garfiel ripped off his tattered vest, and enquired so. At that question, Heinkel blinked his eyes in surprise,

Heinkel: […Since you were buried under the rubble, it’s been about five seconds.]

Garfiel: [――Five seconds, huh? Almost got killed ten times over, that was a fuckin’ close one.]

Taking a long, deep breath, Garfiel cracked the joints in his neck.

Seeing that unthinkable figure right after he had thought that the attack had undoubtedly killed Garfiel, Heinkel was at a loss for words. But, there was also someone even more shocked than Heinkel, and could not conceal their surprise.

Mezoreia: [Wha, t… hk.]

Garfiel, who had been bustling about with no cease to his motion, delivering unthinkable blows as if there were no difference in size between them, should have finally been defeated.

He had certainly been killed. For that belief to have been shattered in merely five seconds, Heinkel sympathized. ――What did it matter if he sympathized? Against that ultimate lifeform, against the Cloud Dragon?

Mezoreia: [You, why… why won’t you friggin’ die…?]

Garfiel: [Ahh? Don’t be an idiot, I really would’ve died. That is, if Pops didn’t go ‘n make those five seconds for me.]

Heinkel: [I-I didn’t do any…]

Garfiel bared his teeth at the words of the astonished Dragon, but Heinkel could only shake his head.

It was true that right after Garfiel had been blown away and buried in the rubble, Heinkel had kept on holding his sword and had exchanged glances with Mezoreia. But, that had been nothing more than him gazing at it while understanding that had Garfiel been defeated, he would become the next prey.

Mezoreia: [――Hk! DIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!]

Ignoring Heinkel’s self-awareness, Mezoreia’s patience had reached its limit.

The Cloud Dragon furiously closed in on the bolt-upright Garfiel, and raising up its thick, long tail, it brought it down like a flash of lightning.

The wind generated from the flap of its wings, which it had used to approach, was enough to make it feel as if the likes of Heinkel were about to be blown away. The extraordinary blow from the Dragon aimed directly for Garfiel――,

Heinkel: [――Ah?]

That instant, the Cloud Dragon’s body blurred mid-air, and its entirety was slammed into the protective wall of the Imperial Capital.

Mezoreia: [――Preahhhhhh!?]

Turned upside down, Mezoreia’s back crashed into the wall, and it let out a disheveled exhale without understanding what had just happened; sharing that lack of understanding, Heinkel’s jaw was left agape.

It was not clear how it had been done. But, it was clear who had done what.

――Garfiel had parried the blow from Mezoreia’s tail, and had thrown the Dragon.

Garfiel: [Ahh, shit… Now I’ve done it.]

Looking down at his hands, for some reason, Garfiel muttered so in discontent.

Making an expression as if he was digging up an unpleasant memory, he repeatedly opened and closed the hands that had thrown the Dragon, then turned around.

Those emerald-green eyes directly clashed with the eyes of the upside down Cloud Dragon.

And then――,

Garfiel: [Well, never mind. Let’s fuckin’ do this, round two. ――Sorry ‘bout this, but my amazin’ self’s the only one who’s got a mountain load of support!]

Indeed, using incomprehensible reasoning as fuel for his fighting spirit, Garfiel’s clash with the Cloud Dragon, after a momentary stoppage, began anew―― the verse of a legend, headed for its coda.

Translation Note:

[1] – Soumatou (走馬灯) is a kind of revolving lantern that is designed to show a revolving shadow picture. It is used as an expression to signify the phenomenon of one’s life flashing before their eyes.

--- Chapter 55: Madelyn Eschart ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Madelyn Eschart, was the youngest dragonkin in existence.

By nature, due to the mechanisms behind the dragonkin’s genesis, they possessed origins distinct from every other race. In order to precisely explain their ecology, the relationship between dragonkin and Dragons must first be known.

Nowadays, the number of individual Dragons that could be identified on the surface had decreased considerably, but that was influenced in no small manner by the fact that in times of yore, the favorite food of the Stick Swinger, Reid Astrea, had been Dragon meat.

Reid killed Dragons as he pleased, and killed the Dragons that had challenged him for retribution because of that; by doing that for several years, the already small number of Dragons had decreased even more in the blink of an eye, and they had been brought to the verge of extinction.

And, in the background behind the downfall of the Dragons, the ecology of Dragons played a big part.

First of all, Dragons did not require copulation or mating in order to multiply. Even without a male and female pairing up, they were creatures capable of asexual reproduction. Their bodies were constructed of a large quantity of Mana, and thus were fundamentally different from other races; if a comparison had to be made, the closest thing would probably be Spirits.

Only, unlike Spirits, which had levels such as Micro, Quasi, and Great, Dragons were Dragons by birth, and there was no doubt that their unparalleled might existed at the apex of all living things.

Therefore, Dragons possessed almost no sense of protecting other individuals of their race, or of preserving the species.

Since they were capable of parthenogenesis, they inevitably harbored little interest in other Dragons. The ones that challenged Reid in the name of retribution for their species did not do so for the sake of the killed Dragons, but because their pride deemed it unacceptable for the Dragon race to be disdained.

As a result, by the time the Dragons had come to realize how bad their situation was, they were already standing on the verge of extinction―― even the mighty Dragon that led one flock came to fill Reid’s stomach, and in another land, their confrontation with the Witch of Sloth had proved to be fatal, so the time had come for them to make a decision.

That decision was, namely, whether to follow the pride of a Dragon or not.

The Dragons that followed their pride abandoned the land, and while not approving of the attacks led by individual specimens hostile against Reid or the Witch of Sloth, they had chosen to fly away over yonder.

The Dragons that did not follow their pride remained in the land, and without severing relations with those who arrogantly opposed Dragons superior to themselves, they had made the unusual choice to continue feuding.

From a human’s intuition, it might seem like the explanations of the ones that had and had not followed their pride were reversed, but this was correct when considering the perception of the Dragons.

In the first place, Dragons were the ultimate existence that could not possibly be compared with other races. There was no reason for them to go through the trouble of clashing with other species to prove that point. For Dragons, doing battle was defined as vying for survival, so if one wished to compete for victory, they would do so through the act of surviving. Therefore, those who were capable of doing so would be known as superior specimens.

The line of thinking went that the Dragons who could not reach that thought, instead doing battle with humans to prove an unnecessary point, clinging to the land and risking their lives, were causing Dragons as a whole to be disdained, and thus were in the wrong.

Therefore, the majority of the Dragons departed from the land, and the Dragons that yet remained were eccentrics―― to put it more directly, they were treated as deviants among the Dragons.

At the top of that list would be the Divine Dragon, Volcanica, who was the most proactively friendly towards humans of the ones that had stayed behind, but the topic of that well-known Dragon deviates from the matter at hand, and thus will be omitted.

Thus, at last, we return to the subject of dragonkin.

Going against the intentions of the Dragon race, the Dragons that remained in the land all acted independently.

Some Dragons died challenging Reid or the Witch of Sloth, other Dragons lived as hermits in regions that they had grown familiar with, and another portion of Dragons had become humans. ――The decision of this final portion of Dragons had served as the basis for the dragonkin.

It was ironic, but the existence of Reid Astrea had played a large part in the creation of dragonkin.

Whether the Dragons followed their pride or not, there was a level of audacity in the man who had driven them to that decision, but it was his strength that had left a stronger impression on the pride of the Dragons.

As mentioned previously, Dragons boasted that they were the apex of all living things, and they were well-aware that they were the ultimate existence. Just as they knew how to move their limbs, how to look at things, and how to hear sounds without the need to learn, that was an intuitive understanding.

Therefore, being the ultimate existence was important to Dragons, and if they indeed were, then there would be no need to fuss over the original form of a Dragon. ――If they were superior, then even the form of a human would be fine.

It was mentioned that the construction of the Dragons’ bodies was close to that of Spirits, and that ecology would come into use here.

Originally, the reason Dragons took on the majestic form of large bodies that sprouted wings, with sharp fangs and claws, and tough scales, was none other than because it easily displayed their abilities as the ultimate existence. Dragons had retained the same form for so long because there had never appeared a form that could display the power of a Dragon more aptly.

But, with the trend of times and changes in the world, were a need to alter themselves into a more suitable form indeed present, the Dragons would not shun the notion of discarding their majestic appearances, and would instead take the same forms as humans.

That was the origin of the dragonkin, their relationship with Dragons. ――That was to say, the dragonkin were the evolved form of Dragons, the next generation spawned through parthenogenesis.

While they were equipped with the same physical traits as humans, that was the reason why every dragonkin was capable of movements incomparable to those of humans, and why they possessed extraordinary power as living things.

However, in the long history of Dragons, this was the first time there had been such a sudden and drastic evolution in form, and the birth of dragonkin caused many problems.

Among those, the most serious flaw was that critical damage would be yielded in the soul of the Dragon that served as a parent to a dragonkin, followed by them becoming an empty shell stripped of their mind, the phenomenon of the dragonhusk.

A Dragon that had become a dragonhusk was practically in the state of a living corpse, and save for the instinctual act of self-defense, they were transformed into a puppet that obeyed the will of their descended dragonkin with whom they bore a deep connection.

Even so, the extraordinary power possessed by a Dragon remained, and to an average human, they would be more than enough of a threat, but it was definitely not a desired state.

The Dragons that remained in the land with their own bodies were few, and the Dragons that had evolved into dragonkin were even fewer. From various perspectives, the Dragons that had evolved into dragonkin were considered a disgusting example of failure.

But, while being aware of the failures of other Dragons, the dragonkin continued to exist with a small overall population.

And while understanding that their species would scorn it as the foolish struggles of deviants who had abandoned their pride as Dragons and remained in the land, unable to recognize the error in their decision.

――Dragonkin still continued to be born, and as one of them, Madelyn Eschart had come into this world.

△▼△▼△▼△

An impact beyond comprehension beat Madelyn down, who was occupying the dragonhusk of the Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia.

In her original body, that of a young girl in human form, Madelyn knew what it felt like to be hurled.

That was certainly infuriating, but at least she could comprehend it. But, for this huge build of the Cloud Dragon to be tossed about by a being as small as the tip of its tail, was an event completely detached from reason.

How utterly nonsensical. It should have never come to pass. This sort of thing was entirely beyond the realm of imagination.

Madelyn: [――HUMAN!!]

With its back slammed against the wall, what was reflected in her upside-down vision, was a bloodied boy beckoning to her from atop the smashed stone pavement.

Golden hair and sharp fangs, she could tell he was a beast demi-human from his ferocious, ghastly aura, but there was no doubt that he was human. There was no reason for Madelyn’s flame of indignation to disappear.

In the first place, for him to suffer a direct hit from a Dragon’s breath, and live to tell the tale, was no laughing matter.

――Storing her own mind within the dragonhusk of Mezoreia, she controlled its movements as if it were her own.

This was Madelyn’s privilege as a dragonkin, and with the number of years since she had come into this world as a dragonkin still few, it was a powerful technique she was able to employ because there remained a strong connection between her and Mezoreia, the specimen that was her parent.

The destructive impulses and power that were usually too much for that small body, she could now wield to her heart’s content with this large body. She would proclaim in a loud voice that it was this mighty power that was the true Madelyn.

She had not wished to be born into such a small, frail, easily crushable, helpless body.

If that had not been so, if it had not been that kind of body, Balleroy would not have left Madelyn behind when he went to challenge his final battle.

If Madelyn had been a Dragon with a scary face and a big, powerful body―― even though she was.

???: [――Shield of Sanctuary, Garfiel Tinzel.]

Gnashing his sharp fangs, and firmly planting his feet on the smashed-up street, the boy―― Garfiel, gave his name.

That held the significance of a warrior giving their introduction as they threw down the gauntlet, but unbeknownst to that, the dragonkin sharpened the glint in the Cloud Dragon’s eyes, and greatly swung its tail.

Using that vigor to tear its upside-down body from the wall, she placed all four of its limbs on the ground and glared at the boy.

She would not lose. Even if her opponent was a being who had endured a breath she thought had certainly killed him, who had jumped out from under the rubble after a mere few seconds, Madelyn would not lose.

It was this very dragonhusk of the Cloud Dragon that Madelyn had desired as a bridal gown for Balleroy’s sake.

Madelyn: [Someone like you, isn’t friggin’ special…!]

Its long white whiskers shaking, a shout arose from the Cloud Dragon’s throat. Despite being right before the Dragon’s roar as it struck fear in the world, the half-dead, half-alive Garfiel did not waver.

His appearance almost looked as if he was being accompanied by a mountainous number of reliable allies.

Garfiel: [――Ahh, I know.]

Madelyn: [――――]

Garfiel: [‘Cause in order to make sure my amazin’ self didn’t get any mistaken ideas, the woman I’ve fallen for went ‘n stopped me from rushin’ ahead by sayin’ I was truly a fool!!]

Joining his fists before his chest, his silver gauntlets powerfully clanged out, and Garfiel roared.

In front of a creature that was supposed to be fragile, yet did not show a hint of weakness, Madelyn felt anger, in addition to something else. That something she had felt, she denied that which a Dragon must never harbor towards a human.

Madelyn: [――FRIGGIN’ DISAPPEEEEAR!!]

That next moment, responding to Madelyn’s outburst, the Cloud Dragon’s roar shook the Imperial Capital once more.

Until just before, Garfiel had kept Madelyn positioned inside the city, and he put in hard work to ensure that the direction in which she unleashed the breaths would be towards the outside of the city. With that, he had fought while maintaining vigilance over the length and width of the attack range of the Dragon’s breath, but here, those hard efforts would be reduced to naught.

Unleashed from the uttermost south of the city, the Crystal Palace that was directly at the city’s northernmost point was captured within its range. The rays of destruction that had been charged up within the Dragon’s body scorched the street, reducing buildings to dust, destroying everything in its line of fire, and it was about to penetrate the north―― if Garfiel had not been there.

Garfiel: [Oh, OHHHHHHHHHHHHH――!!!]

He firmly planted both his feet on the ground as if to pierce it, and raising both arms that were clad in silver gauntlets in front of himself, Garfiel caught the Cloud Dragon’s breath head on.

Even though putting up even a little bit of a fight against that would be considered a miracle, the boy was not blown away, he was not blasted away, and he managed to endure as he protected the Imperial Capital from destruction.

The mechanism that allowed for this extraordinary strife to be realized, lay in his two feet that were thrusted into the ground.

The eyes of the Cloud Dragon, retaining the form of a dragonhusk constructed with a large volume of Mana, perceived that Mana was flowing from the ground into Garfiel with abnormal vigor.

Garfiel’s abnormal recovery ability and stamina until now had likely been from absorbing power from the ground like that, but its scale and vigor had immediately skyrocketed.

As proof of that, Garfiel was not simply holding his ground, but while basking in the Cloud Dragon’s breath, he advanced one step forward, of all things.

One step, and then another, he steadily advanced, closing the distance on Madelyn.

Garfiel: [To make sure my amazin’ self doesn’t chicken out, I got a fuckton of guys pattin’ me on my back tellin’ me to keep on goin’!!]

As Madelyn doubted her vision, a voice could be heard amidst the destruction where even sound had been scorched to naught.

Impossible. But, Garfiel had declared so. Declaring so, he continued to advance. Against this Cloud Dragon’s breath, amidst destruction that would likely cause the maps to be redrawn, he advanced.

One step, and then another, taking steps which ought to have never been possible――.

Madelyn: [――Preahhhhhh!!]

Witnessing his advance, Madelyn’s exhale was greatly disheveled.

The roar and the breath, to phrase it another way, were none other than the destructive war cry of the Dragon. Having her mind thrown into disarray, if the breath ran out, the destruction would cease.

Garfiel’s advance and resistance had been enough to conquer the Cloud Dragon’s breath.

Garfiel: [GaaaRAHHHHHH!!]

With the sound of a crash as he broke through, Garfiel swung both his arms up.

By doing that, the final stretch of the Cloud Dragon’s breath shot up into the sky. The Dragon was motionless, and as white steam emitted from all over its body, with eyes wide-open, it witnessed Garfiel’s body, seared a deep red to the extent that it would make one want to avert their eyes, rapidly healing.

Behind him, was the cityscape of the Imperial Capital that he had protected with his two slender arms, and the figure of the red-haired man who had fallen down on his backside within that cityscape.

Madelyn: [――――]

Having been fully defended against, Madelyn was struck by an impact.

However, more so than the fact that the Dragon’s breath had not worked, the true shock that hit Madelyn had done so in a more horrifying form.

Making a loud gulping sound, the red-haired human looked at the cityscape that had not been blown away by the breath, and spoke thus.

Red-Haired Man: [You’re not, sane… That breath was about to blast away the entire Palace, and you just stopped it…!]

Madelyn: [――――Ah.]

In regards to the reality before his eyes, those had been the words of the red-haired man as he trembled with fear. There had even been some fear towards Garfiel, who had resisted the Dragon’s breath, and endured, but that was different for Madelyn.

For Madelyn, malevolent blades stabbed into her as she reflected on her own actions.

It was as the red-haired man had said. If Garfiel had not stopped her, her roar would have erased the Imperial Capital.

Even though the Crystal Palace within the line of fire would have contained Madelyn’s body, as well as Balleroy and Carillon.

Madelyn: [T-that’s friggin’ wrong… Hk.]

Slowly, weakly shaking her head, she denied her own actions with gestures unbecoming of a Dragon.

With blood rushing to her head, her thoughts stained white, she became frantic to do something about the enemy in front of her, and as a result, Madelyn had almost blown away anything and everything.

To think that she had been saved by a small, weak, fragile, helpless human.

Madelyn: [That’s wrong, that’s wrong, wrong wrong wrong wrong WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WROOOOOOONG…!!]

Garfiel: [Ahh? Oi, what’s with you…]

Madelyn: [This dragon! For the sake of Balleroy! Everything, everything everything, was for the friggin’ sake of Balleroy!!]

At her wit’s end, Madelyn piled on words of denial, to which Garfiel made a face filled with doubt. As if painting over Garfiel’s, over the voice she did not want to hear the most, Madelyn shouted.

Raising a scream that even she herself did not fully comprehend, the Cloud Dragon thrashed its wings.

Garfiel: [――Hk!]

As a violent gale was spurred forth, Garfiel immediately crouched down as his hair intensely flapped; the Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia, ascended in one go, and flew up into the heavenly skies.

Thereupon existed thick, dark clouds that were covering the entirety of the Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

Madelyn: [Someone like you, isn’t friggin’ special…!]

Following the beck and call of the Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia, clouds had gathered from across the entire Empire―― with the Mana that Mezoreia could not keep stored within itself sealed within them, they were a destructive impulse of white.

She had brought them together in a single swoop. ――By no means, were they something Madelyn would be able to handle. Even so, she would be able to bring them down to the surface as a bundle of absurd power.

Madelyn: [This dragon, isn’t friggin’ special…!]

Once Madelyn brought the clouds down to the surface, she would blast away Garfiel and the red-haired human, and then she would kill anyone who knew about what she had done.

By doing that, Madelyn would――,

Madelyn: [The only one who’s friggin’ special, is Balleroy…!!]

As the weeping voice of the Dragon rained down from the heavens above, the puny humans below her looked up at the sky.

While looking up, the boy, small, yet not weak or fragile, gnashed his fangs,

Garfiel: [――This massive, goddamn idiot.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Madelyn Eschart was born at the summit of Mount Palzoa, the mountain where the Cloud Sea City of Mezoreia was located.

That city, crowned with the name of the Cloud Dragon that had inhabited the Empire for a long time, was a land where many who aspired to utilize the Empire’s original technique of flying dragon riding would make their way.

Through the power of the Dragon that had settled there, large clouds wound around the tall mountain’s surface all year round without ever disappearing, and the city had been built at a high elevation upon it.

The mountain was the residence for wild, violent flying dragons, and the elevation of the Cloud Sea City was a place where humans could just barely survive―― those aiming to go even higher, would either end up with a flying dragon’s fangs gnawing into them, or return with a flying dragon egg, and embark on the path of being a flying dragon rider.

The likes of the mountain’s summit, concealed by the thickest clouds, had never once been seen by anybody.

The untrodden summit of Mount Palzoa, that was Madelyn’s birthplace.

Wrapped in clouds of white, in a place where, despite the presence of the sky, one could not hope to behold its azure hue, Madelyn had been born as one of the rarest beings in this world, a dragonkin. The new generation of Dragons, the ultimate existence, and while she was acquiring an instinctual understanding, there was a tragedy that had awaited her.

That was――,

???: [――I, am Mezoreia. In accordance with the voice of mine dear child, I shalt become the wind from the heavenly skies.]

Her biological parent, the Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia, had become a dragonhusk upon birthing a dragonkin, and had welcomed Madelyn’s birth in a state where communication had become difficult.

Hardly exchanging any words, yet only understanding that that which was close to her was a Dragon, the newborn Madelyn was not taught even a single thing, and she had earnestly spent her time in futility.

Why the Cloud Dragon, who ought to have lived for a long time, being fully aware of the severe and absurd nature of the world, had chosen to engage in this cruel generational shift, was something that even now Madelyn failed to understand.

The one thing that could be said was that, despite not being alone, Madelyn had spent her days amidst the clouds in eternal solitude.

And the one who had put an end to that solitude, was somebody who had accomplished something that nobody in the history of the Empire had ever done before, reaching the summit of the mountain engulfed by the Cloud Sea. Balleroy Temeglyph.

Balleroy: [Really now, it’s all fine and dandy that I went in wanting to challenge my own abilities, but… I never woulda expected that there’d be a lovely young lass and a frightening Dragon waiting for me at the top.]

???: [――Kiryararahhh!]

Within what was a world of dense clouds rather than dense fog, finding Madelyn―― the very young dragonkin who had yet to bear that name, Balleroy scratched his cheek in a troubled manner.

The flying dragon next to him, Carillon, was overwhelmed by the presence of the Cloud Dragon and the very young dragonkin, but still stood in a way to protect its companion, Balleroy.

Mezoreia: [――I, am Mezoreia. In accordance with the voice of mine dear child, I shalt become the wind from the heavenly skies.]

The Cloud Dragon, unable to say anything but those words, and only providing clouds bundled with Mana as meals, had likely not rejected the sudden visitor only due to the fact that he harbored no enmity.

Before Balleroy and Carillon, the Cloud Dragon had instinctively rejected flying dragons that had carelessly strayed from the pack and got lost in the clouds, making them disappear before they could enter the vision of its young child.

Therefore, this was the first time the young child was encountering life other than herself or the Cloud Dragon.

Child: [――――]

The young child kept silent. Or rather, she did not know any words to speak.

At the pairing of human and flying dragon that had appeared without warning, all she could do was shrink her body. The Cloud Dragon did not say anything at times like this, and kept its consciousness submerged in the depths of ambiguity.

Of course, depending on the person’s next action, the Cloud Dragon could forcibly remove Balleroy and Carillon in the same way it had done so for all the flying dragons that had peered at the summit until now.

However, before the overwhelming presence of a Dragon and a dragonkin, Balleroy, without getting especially worked up, took off the coat he was wearing, and,

Balleroy: [For now, put this on, lil’ miss. It ain’t good for a maiden to recklessly expose her skin like that.]

With that said, the young child―― the girl whom Balleroy would later go on to name Madelyn, was given the first semblance of kindness and warmth she had ever experienced in her life.

Two alternate portrayals of this scene can be found here and here .

△▼△▼△▼△

――Madelyn’s peculiar meetings with Balleroy always took place within the Cloud Sea.

Balleroy: [Madelyn, I’ve come again. Have you been a good girl?]

Madelyn: [Balleroy!]

Balleroy: [Uwatahh!?]

Tearing through the thick, white clouds, Balleroy had showed up, and towards him, the young child―― Madelyn came running.

Catching the body of the girl jumping towards him, that impact and vigor caused him to tumble down backwards together with Carillon after having just landed, and despite his dizziness, Balleroy stroked Madelyn’s head.

Since their first meeting, Balleroy had made frequent appearances at the summit of Mount Palzoa.

It was a summit that many flying dragon riders had risked their lives to challenge, yet nobody had ever reached before. Back then, she had no idea how much hardship Balleroy had gone through to reach her, and how valuable an action it was.

Only, by frequently visiting the mountain, and bringing Madelyn a connection to the unknown outside world, Balleroy became an irreplaceable existence to her.

The name Madelyn, was also something Balleroy had given to her.

At a loss for what to call her, he asked for her name, and when the young child replied that she had no name, he earnestly wracked his brain, and decided on that name to give her.

Balleroy: [Back when I was a kid around your age, that was the name of a person who treated me real well. She was the one who gave me my name… I’m much obliged to her.]

Madelyn: [Balleroy, that human, was she friggin’ precious to you…?]

Balleroy: [We parted ways before I could actually think that. And yet, to still remain within me after all these years, I guess that’d hafta be the case.]

He gave a broad grin, yet he seemed somewhat lonely, so Madelyn gently nuzzled her cheek against his chest.

The name of someone precious to him, he had bestowed it upon Madelyn in this manner. In other words, it was evidence that Madelyn was precious to Balleroy.

Being thought of like that by Balleroy, caused Madelyn to feel a deep, warm emotion.

Wishing for more of that, much, much more of that, she eagerly anticipated her time together with Balleroy.

Wanting to converse more with Balleroy, she diligently remembered the words of humans.

In this regard, Balleroy was also surprised by Madelyn’s high learning ability, but that was, in all likelihood, a trait of the dragonkin that had been inherited from the nature of Dragons.

For some reason, her dialect would not disappear no matter what, but that did not get in the way of her conversations with Balleroy. [1]

Balleroy: [Hehe, looks like my judgment wasn’t mistaken. Suits you well, Madelyn.]

Madelyn: [I-is that friggin’ so? Fufu…]

Placing his hand on his chin, Balleroy nodded in a satisfied manner, and as she did a twirl before him, Madelyn ascertained the feeling of the fluttering cloth―― no, of the clothes he had presented to her.

The gentle color of the clothes seemed to be “sky-blue”, from what Balleroy had said. It was the same color as Madelyn’s hair, and it was something that Balleroy had gone out of his way to prepare for her.

In all honesty, as a dragonkin, Madelyn felt annoyed by wearing clothes like this since they impeded her movement, but that feeling vanished when she looked at Balleroy.

Giving her a name, giving her words, and giving her clothes, he had granted her happiness.

Madelyn counted the things Balleroy had granted her, and remembered them all. It was in the nature of Dragons. Dragons would absolutely never forget the treasures they had hoarded.

The items and emotions Balleroy had brought her, were all treasures to Madelyn.

Balleroy: [Well then, I’ll come again before the moon is half-full, Madelyn.]

As the precious, fragile time they spent together heartrendingly came to a close, Balleroy mounted Carillon, and flew away from the Cloud Dragon’s nest.

With the promise of their next meeting in her heart, Madelyn endured the sad feelings and saw him off.

――Leaving Madelyn behind at the summit, just who could call Balleroy heartless as he flew away?

In the Dragon’s nest, enveloped in white clouds, it was not as if Balleroy had never attempted to take Madelyn out, who had yet to see even the sky that was of the same hue as her hair.

Only, he had been unable to do so. Even if the Cloud Dragon, who existed in a vague world, had overlooked Balleroy and Carillon entering its nest, it would not allow them to attempt to take Madelyn outside.

Mezoreia: [――I, am Mezoreia. In accordance with the voice of mine dear child, I shalt become the wind from the heavenly skies.]

Mezoreia had accepted Balleroy and Carillon as they bore no enmity; however, as soon as they tried to take Madelyn out, it would follow its instincts, baring its fangs.

In a Dragon’s nest, under the eye of the Dragon that was its lord, there was no chance for a human to win.

Therefore, Balleroy did not take Madelyn out. Madelyn, too, did not wish for Balleroy to die. That was why Madelyn had never once said that she wanted him to take her outside.

Instead, just once, she had made him an entreaty.

Madelyn: [Balleroy, won’t you friggin’ stay here… together with this dragon, forever?]

Balleroy: [――――]

Seeing Balleroy’s cheeks stiffen in response as she made that entreaty, Madelyn regretted it.

The moment of silence that was created, served as a faithful representation of Balleroy’s answer in response to Madelyn’s entreaty. Balleroy would not stay here at the summit.

Outside of this world clouded in white, Balleroy still had many things that were precious to him.

Just like how Madelyn had nothing but this white world, Balleroy had nothing but the outside world. This was a world uninhabitable for Balleroy, for humans.

Balleroy: [――I’m real sorry, Madelyn.]

Apologizing to Madelyn as she comprehended that, Balleroy tried to stroke her head like he usually did. For the first time, Madelyn rejected Balleroy’s palm, and sent him away.

As tears welled up in her eyes, she threw a tantrum and raised her voice, and chasing Balleroy and Carillon away from the summit as if blaming them, Madelyn sobbed.

Sobbing for three days and three nights, Madelyn regretted her own actions.

During that time, she succumbed to her emotions, wondering what she would do if Balleroy never showed up again, she lamented from the bottom of her heart. To think that the last time she would ever have seen Balleroy was with him bearing a saddened expression, Madelyn absolutely hated that. She lamented with all her being.

However, Madelyn was young, and her thoughts and imagination were naively shallow.

The greatest regret of Madelyn’s life came after her three days and nights of sobbing.

――That day, when the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia had left her side, Madelyn had not been especially worried.

Even though it had left her side, the Cloud Dragon’s wings would not fly far beyond this mountain engulfed in clouds. At most, the range it would go was such that its thunderous roar could still be fully heard.

Whether that was to hunt flying dragons that had carelessly entered the Cloud Dragon’s nest, or if it was a reckless challenger who had set foot on the mountain path aiming for the summit, she had thought it was either one of those.

Whatever the case, she had no doubt that, with time, Mezoreia would return.

More importantly, it was her regret that would not disappear no matter how many days passed, as well the method to control her emotions as she continued to weep her eyes out, that had been much more of a problem.

That was why she did not care about the fact that the Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia, had returned bearing many wounds on its scales for the first time, nor did she care about what sort of challenger had inflicted those wounds.

???: [――I’m real sorry, Madelyn.]

Madelyn came to discover that answer when she witnessed Balleroy, who had arrived at the summit again a few days after that worst-possible parting, bearing wounds that would make one wish to avert their eyes all over his body.

Balleroy’s apology to the speechless Madelyn, that was neither an apology for not showing up for a while, nor was it an apology for being unable to meet Madelyn’s request.

Balleroy: […I wanted to defeat the Cloud Dragon, and bring ya outta here, though.]

Saying that with wounds that seemed to put him on the verge of death, while stroking the back of his equally battered beloved dragon, Balleroy gave a pathetic smile, and tears streamed down Madelyn’s face.

She had regretted it. In all of Madelyn’s dragon life, that was the greatest regret that could not be erased.

――Dragons would cling to their treasure. It was in the nature of Dragons.

Thus, for the Cloud Dragon, having been submerged in a vague world after becoming a dragonhusk, that was a part of its nature it would not forget even in such a state, and so, Madelyn was the treasure it could not bear to lose.

Balleroy had tried to steal that away, risking his life in the process.

Madelyn: [Friggin’, idiot…]

Balleroy: [I’d thought I’d be able to do it, but… really, even I myself was quite shocked.]

Madelyn: [Wrong! Friggin’ wrong! It’s not Balleroy, it’s this dragon who’s the friggin’ idiot…!]

Denying Balleroy as he engaged in pathetic self-deprecation, Madelyn firmly bit down on her molars.

Until today, until this very moment, she had cursed herself for only ever receiving things from Balleroy, and now, without anybody telling her, she had finally figured out what she ought to do.

These thick, white clouds where Madelyn had existed from birth, were walls that Madelyn needed to tear down with her own claws.

Depending on Balleroy’s kindness, Madelyn had continued to let him breach through, and until he finally braved danger to the verge of death, she had not even made an attempt to realize that.

Just how shameless was she? Was that uncouth way of being really befitting of a dragonkin, an ultimate existence?

Madelyn: [I, the dragon, will friggin’ do it myself.]

Balleroy: [Madelyn?]

Madelyn: [This dragon, will friggin’ go outside on her own. Not being brought out, but on my own… This time, this dragon will friggin’ go to meet Balleroy by herself. If I do that…]

Firmly gripping the hem of the clothes she had been gifted by Balleroy, with the words she had learned from Balleroy, she took the emotions she had been granted by Balleroy, and would convey them to Balleroy, who had given her everything.

As an ultimate existence, as a dragonkin, she would convey those emotions to the special human who had captivated her.

Madelyn: [If I do that, will you make this dragon your bride?]

Balleroy: [――――]

At Madelyn’s question, a moment of silence similar to the one from earlier was born.

Balleroy’s silence this time, however, was different from that which tormented the foolish, ignorant Madelyn, who had ended up sobbing for three days and nights, and she knew that there was something concealed therein.

At that time, Madelyn could only see what she wanted to see.

Even though she called out to Balleroy, all she wanted was for him to see her.

That was why――,

Balleroy: [――I guess that’d be so. If you did that, I suppose it’d be a wonderful thing for both Madelyn and myself.]

With Balleroy showing kindness to the utmost of his ability, he had made Madelyn fully aware that she was not his number one, and thus, a promise was exchanged.

△▼△▼△▼△

――There were likely some who would argue that these feelings of Madelyn’s were not real love.

There would likely be some who would analyze it as something akin to a chick hatched from an egg, imprinting on the first thing they saw to use it as support.

That it was only that she wanted to believe that the first person she had come into contact with outside of the beings deeply close to her, the first being to show her kindness, the relationship that had given her so many firsts, was special.

There would likely be some who would laugh off Balleroy’s reply, as he made a fleeting smile in response to Madelyn’s courting, as the kindhearted lie of a father designed not to hurt the feelings of a daughter who said that she would marry him in the future.

There would likely be some who would sympathize with Balleroy, who had feelings for somebody else, as merely being very considerate of Madelyn, since they were both in a similar situation of being unable to speak of their hidden feelings.

But, each and every one of those, was nothing more than the measure of humans.

Dragonkin, or even Dragons, had different values and ways of thinking to that of humans. Supposing one were to deny that dragonkin and Dragons were different, then it would be Madelyn’s values that were unique from the rest.

From her heart, truly from the deepest depths of her heart, Madelyn desired Balleroy Temeglyph.

If that was not romance or love, then Madelyn would spend the rest of eternity never knowing what that was. To the extent of thinking that, her soul was burning with an ardor willing to put her life on the line.

Vowing to Balleroy, who had almost died for her sake, Madelyn tore through the white clouds.

Challenging the Cloud Dragon that stood in her way as she tried to leave, as it used its power as a Dragon to try to entirely discourage her wishes, she thrust her fangs into it and, in the end, subdued it.

For the first time, she thrust herself out under the sky that shared the same color as her hair; for the first time, she accomplished something she had decided to do by herself; for the first time, she tried to head to the side of her beloved person of her own accord, and that, was when she learned.

――Balleroy Temeglyph had fought against the Empire, and lost his life.

Madelyn: [――What am I supposed to friggin’ do?]

At that moment, Madelyn knew not the answer to that.

Confronted with something too large to swallow, Madelyn’s feelings of love had lost their destination.

And with a love bereaved of destination being too much for her to handle, she even lost sight of her meaning to live, so, not knowing what to do, Madelyn even thought about becoming one of the Blight Dragons that would be left in the history of the Empire; the one to find her then was Berstetz, who had been searching for somebody to fill the empty seat in the Nine Divine Generals.

The location was Balleroy’s residence that remained in the Imperial Capital, which she had discovered by pursuing his scent.

Balleroy had gone down in the records as a rebel, and the reason why Berstetz, who had been entrusted with the disposal of his residence, had not been killed by Madelyn, who happened to be present there, was because within Berstetz’s thread-like eyes was housed the same light of having lost something that was also in Madelyn’s eyes.

Berstetz patiently listened as Madelyn divulged her story with difficulty; upon hearing that Madelyn’s identity was that of a dragonkin, and that she had possessed a relationship with Balleroy, he made two suggestions.

The first, was to act impulsively with her unmanageable emotions, and follow the same path as Balleroy, who had been defeated as an enemy of the Empire.

The other, was to accept the endorsement of Berstetz, whom she had just met here, become a member of the Nine Divine Generals like Balleroy once had been, and while tracing back his footsteps, wait for an opportunity for retribution.

She did not struggle long to make a decision. Why it had not taken her long, Madelyn herself was unsure.

Only, it might have been that she wanted to find what Balleroy had left behind, even if only by a little bit more.

Berstetz: [――Madelyn Eschart. It is an old family name of Vollachia that is no longer around, but it shall be passed down to you. Prestige is quite important, after all.]

Madelyn: [Prestige?]

Berstetz: [The reason it is no longer around, is because they fought against the Empire and disappeared. This may just be the intuition of my old bones, but I sense that it is quite the match for your dearest wish.]

Following the advice Berstetz gave in a low voice, Madelyn Eschart was born.

Afterwards, she accepted Berstetz’s endorsement, and progressed the situation in accordance with his intentions; taking the position that had once been occupied by Balleroy, Madelyn set out on a journey to discover the him she did not know.

It was a journey on which she was unsure of the destination she ought to be aiming for.

Even at the time she stepped forth from that mountaintop, out from that narrow world enveloped by clouds, and into the world Balleroy had told her about, Madelyn’s heart remained stuck on that day, captured by the man who had come together with his flying dragon.

Even so, she carried out the duties required of a Divine General. In Balleroy’s stead.

Even so, she demonstrated the prestige required of the Empire’s Generals. In Balleroy’s stead.

Even so, she wielded the power required to defeat the Empire’s enemies. In Balleroy’s stead.

Berstetz had likely harbored good intentions when advising Madelyn to take her current position.

Or perhaps Berstetz had a wish that still remained as he grew old, and in order to fulfill his wish, he calculated what pawns would be required, and used Madelyn.

Either way, Madelyn did not bear a grudge against Berstetz.

That was not limited to just Berstetz. ――She simply did not have that kind of space in her heart.

Acquiring the position of Divine General, she spent her time as General tracing back Balleroy’s footsteps. For Madelyn, those were days of unfathomable terror.

Every time she fought hard, every time she thought of Balleroy, every time she tried to fill the hole of Balleroy, Madelyn herself felt like she was killing Balleroy.

Every time she compensated for Balleroy’s absence, she was stealing his place in the world, the traces he had left behind.

In that case, should she hand it over to somebody else? Madelyn would likely feel that the person to received it would be killing Balleroy, and she would surely kill that person with her own hands.

She could at least understand that Balleroy would not want that, so Madelyn continued to exhaust herself.

Since she would not let anybody else do it, she would continue to kill Balleroy herself. And, when she finally killed Balleroy, would her own heart also die?

If so, she felt like that would be the best way to do it.

That which Balleroy had given her, this heart, these emotions. When Balleroy had died, at a time when she had not been at his side, in his most important moment, they ought to have perished.

And yet――,

Madelyn: [Why is a dragon’s fang… Why is Carillon’s fang friggin’ hanging from your neck!?]

At the height of the disturbance shaking the Empire, she encountered a man carrying the fang of the flying dragon who had died together with Balleroy.

From the man who knew the Balleroy unknown to her, Madelyn heard stories of a Balleroy from the time when he would not be at her side, when he had not been a General, and a sense of love blossomed in her heart once again.

And then, as tremors beckoned further tremors, at the end of the successive tremors, it had happened.

――The Great Disaster had, without a doubt, resurrected what Madelyn had lost.

Complimenting her sky-blue hair, saying that it was his favorite color, he stroked her head.

He gave a gentle, soft smile that caused her chest to tighten upon seeing it, her unfilled promise with him―― she had wanted to embrace him under a clear sky, in a place with no clouds in the way.

Madelyn had finally come into contact with Balleroy somewhere outside of that mountaintop.

Even so, thick clouds yet hung over the sky, the world was yet covered in darkness.

Madelyn: [――What am I supposed to friggin’ do?]

Madelyn had no idea what she should do anymore.

She felt so, so much love, but for anything outside of that, she knew nothing at all.

She did not want to know, either.

△▼△▼△▼△

A vortex of dusky clouds gathered in the sky with the Cloud Dragon as its nexus.

While looking up at that from the ground, all the hair on Garfiel’s body stood on end, and the blood flowing through his body boiled; an impulse from his instincts struck his brain.

Having endured the Dragon’s breath, his body was in the process of rapidly healing from the heatwave that had scorched him.

But, the destructive black clouds acted to entirely veil the heavens, and within them was concealed such excess power that Garfiel’s regeneration, and even the waning cityscape of the Imperial Capital that he had desperately protected, would all be reduced to naught.

Garfiel: [Them huge clouds, the whole fuckin’ lot of it’s made outta the Dragon’s Mana…!!!]

It was a concealed trick that had not been detected until Mezoreia stirred them about, causing them to change their nature.

The trump card of the Cloud Dragon that had been audaciously hidden, was currently baring its fangs against him like this; however, what was causing Garfiel’s heart to tremble was not the destruction that would be brought about by that cluster of mighty power, but rather the state of the Cloud Dragon controlling it.

The Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia―― no, he more-or-less understood that there was a different being inside of it.

For a Dragon that had lived for however many centuries, soaring through the skies of this world over its long life, its words and actions were far too lacking in dignity.

That was an intuition of a completely different type to that of strength, and it was something that Garfiel understood since he knew Ryuzu, who, contrary to her youthful appearance, was of a personality that had lived for a very long time.

At the same time, Garfiel really felt how truly incredible Subaru’s order had been.

Garfiel: [Captain, ya really told my amazin’ self to go ahead ‘n fell the Dragon flyin’ in the sky…]

Being pushed on the back to go and fight head-on against a Dragon, a being that was the strongest lifeform in the world, the fact that he was seen as reliable enough to be entrusted with that duty was absolutely tremendous.

The power he was granted by that had provided enough energy for Garfiel to return to reality from the incomprehensible theater he had seen while on the verge of death.

But, in a true sense, there was another meaning in Garfiel being sent here.

He did not know whether Subaru had aimed for that or not.

Either way, it mattered not. This Cloud Dragon, Mezoreia, needed to be faced by Garfiel, that was the sort of enemy it was.

The reason was――,

Garfiel: [――You’re strainin’ yerself ‘n cryin’ out, beggin’ for someone to protect yer world.]

As Mezoreia cried out, recklessly scrambling power together, it brought about a terribly unpleasant feeling of shame within Garfiel.

In the past, Garfiel had erupted on his surroundings with the same rage and anguish that Mezoreia currently harbored.

Back then, his friends had stopped him through sheer force, so now Garfiel had his current position and resolve, as well as a strong body with two legs to firmly stand upon.

Naturally, Garfiel and Mezoreia were of different positions, circumstances, and even races. That was why, Garfiel could not necessarily use the same solution on Mezoreia.

But, however, there was no reason as to why he could not use it.

In order to ascertain that, Garfiel had no choice but to make it lower its fangs and talk, much like what had been done for him.

For that purpose――,

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

Looking towards his hectic surroundings, Garfiel forcefully gnashed his fangs.

The protective wall was on the verge of collapse, and the previous breath of the Dragon had scorched the Imperial Capital, bringing it to a state of partial destruction.

Even if he wanted to reach Mezoreia, Garfiel could not reach all the way to the height of the clouds.

That was why, Garfiel gave up on the idea of doing things by himself.

Garfiel: [Pops!!]

Heinkel: [――. Ah?]

Garfiel looked back with an altered expression on his face, and in his vision, he saw Heinkel dumbfoundedly looking up at the sky, his backside having fallen down smack on the ground.

The blue eyes quivered, their focal point blurred, and as Garfiel saw himself reflected within them, he grabbed both of Heinkel’s shoulders.

Garfiel: [Lend me a hand! I need ya to do somethin’ to send me flyin’ all the way up there!]

Heinkel: [Fly… flying? Flying, you say? What the hell, what the hell are you saying!? There’s no way we could ever do something like that! Just how fucking high up do you think that is!]

As Garfiel yelled a request at him, Heinkel widened his eyes, and also yelled back a reply.

While trying to shake free from the hands grabbing his shoulders, Heinkel pointed overhead.

The thunderously stirring clouds shifted in hue, as if swallowing the color of the sky that lay beyond the black clouds, the color of the heavens was transformed into a purple, tinged with azure.

While Heinkel pointed at what could only be described as a natural disaster, with his face pale,

Heinkel: [It’s already over!]

Garfiel: [I ain’t gonna let it be over!]

Heinkel: [――Hk.]

Garfiel: [I ain’t gonna let anything end here! Both my amazin’ self ‘n Pops, we can’t lose!]

Firmly grasping his shoulders so that he could not shake the hands off, Garfiel made a powerful appeal to Heinkel.

Gulping down a breath, Heinkel’s cheeks stiffened. As his trembling finger pointed to the sky, the man’s opposite hand nonetheless remained gripped to his sword, and Garfiel had decided to believe in him.

Garfiel: [There ain’t no sense of reality right now. I know that, Pops. ――It’s just like it’s the end of the world.]

Narrowing his eyes as he muttered, with the ruin that had taken the form of a vortex of clouds high above him, Garfiel stared at the skies of the different battlefields in the distance, and nodded.

It truly seemed that every single location was a “ Tennozan ” that Subaru had spoken of.

Piercing the clouds in the north of the Imperial Capital, an iceberg plummeted downwards; in the northeast, there were flashes of a sword severing the very world itself, reaching the ramparts, and even the mountains beyond them. The eastern heavens and earth were composed of over one hundred shades of red; each and every battlefield was trying to bring about a different doom to the Empire.

But, Garfiel would not despair.

Garfiel: [Ain’t that right, Captain.]

Making a variety of faces, Subaru had chosen their method of battle against the impending doom.

And thus, in order to deal with doom at this location, Subaru had selected none other than Garfiel Tinzel as the strongest card to play.

Not Emilia, not Beatrice, not Roswaal, not Spica, not Halibel, not Olbart, not Tanza, not Medium, not Jamal. He had chosen Garfiel.

Garfiel: [――“Facing the Dragon, Sword Saint Reid laughs and draws blade”.]

Heinkel: […Don’t lump me in with that crazy ancestor of mine.]

Garfiel: [――“There’s no runnin’ from Reinhard”.]

Heinkel: [Don’t bring up that name! I’m! I’m…!]

Garfiel: [――――]

Heinkel: [I’m…]

At that place where heaven and earth were about to meet their doom, Heinkel covered his face with the hand that had been pointed to the heavens, and spilled that out in a feeble voice.

The words that lay beyond, Garfiel did not know. By some chance, perhaps Heinkel himself had yet to discover what lay beyond those words.

In that case――,

Garfiel: [――Pops, together with my amazin’ self, let’s go ‘n unlock the followin’ words that ya can’t seem to get out.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Would imagining it even be possible?

The vast sky extended endlessly in all directions, and the clouds that blanketed it completely were all reduced into a hail of bullets and a forest of blades; the sight of that pouring down would be as if it were the end of the world.

Even now, that was what was on the verge of occurring.

However, different from the impression given by the phrasing of “a hail of bullets and a forest of blades”, the clouds of destruction bringing doom upon the world were not widely raining down across all the vast lands of the Empire, but rather, having been centralized in one swoop, they were about to all pierce one concentrated area.

――The vortex of black clouds twisted into a helix, forming an enormous cone that weaved into the heavenly skies.

That mighty shape was warped and ominous; however, in the one aspect that it was intended for destruction, there indeed lay beauty.

Spreading its white wings in the heavenly skies, the Cloud Dragon held its arms aloft, bringing about that structure of demise; contrary to its large build, the Dragon cried out like an infant as it unleashed that from its hands.

Cloud Dragon: [――Friggin’ disappear.]

That teary voice, whether it was directed to somebody on the surface, where destruction rained down, or if it was directed to the surface itself, which would likely be unable to withstand it and be blown apart, or if it was not aimed at anybody or the surface at all, and was instead a punishment it was imposing upon itself, was unclear.

No matter the case, the result would be the same.

There were no means of defending against a trump card that had been prepared over a long period of time by a Dragon, the ultimate existence; nearly the entirety of the southern half of the Imperial Capital would be blown away, incurring many casualties, and carrying out the intentions of the Great Disaster.

The fall of the Imperial Capital, in regards to the disaster, would signify the total defeat of the Empire, and the unhalted hosts of undead would engulf the ruined land, heading for the remaining countries with their fervent vigor.

Thus, the world would be drawn into a chain of calamity that knew no bounds.

That, would be the unshakable conclusion for a world fallen into demise.

It was an ending that none save for some Witch, a manifestation of curiosity, would be pleased with, and the only ones able to negate it would be the undersized, yet courageous warriors that plunged towards their imminent demise――,

Courageous Warrior: [――――]

Feeling the presence of the vast lands within his soul before he took off, the courageous warrior gathered as much strength as he could, and coursed it all throughout his body.

His legs, having been firmly outstretched, rode atop a sword that remained in its sheath, and right after a moment of power equilibrium, it ferociously swung upward at full strength.

That had been an outstanding blow.

It was not wielded against the dreadfully mighty Dragon as an opponent, neither was it something that cut deep into the cone attempting to bring ruination to the world, nor did it utilize any of the skills that it had been used to train.

Eye contact had not even been made with the enemy; however, it had been an outstanding blow.

At the very least, that was the judgment of the courageous warrior, who had received that blow with the soles of his feet.

Whether that outstanding blow would go unrecorded, unremembered by anyone, was entirely up to him to prove, as he had been entrusted with the conclusion.

Cloud Dragon: [――――]

Beyond the incoming demise, he locked eyes with the Dragon as he ascended to the heavens.

Seeing those eyes tremble in a terribly frightened manner, a smile emerged on his face.

That smile was out of place, troublingly so.

That was immediately painted over by the smile of a belligerent, powerful, savage, ferocious tiger.

Courageous Warrior: [Have a taste of these fists.]

Using all of his strength, without holding back, he pummeled his fist into it.

He pummeled it, and then――,

Courageous Warrior: [Let my amazin’ self hear yer story. ――Just like how Captain ‘n the others once listened to mine.]

As stout arms of silver shot up, they crashed into the dark, cone-shaped clouds of ruin.

That instant, the folded layers of the sky and the spiraling black clouds erupted in an explosion bereft of sound, engulfing the world.

Courageous Warrior: [――――]

The result of the collision, was brought about to a world in which sound had vanished.

Just what sort of conclusion had been incurred, was likely to only take shape after a flicker of light.

Only, the sky that had been birthed beyond the collision, the sky from which the enshrouding black clouds had vanished, was blue.

In the past, a flying dragon rider had bestowed a name upon a lonely dragonkin; and, same as the color of the hair he had lovingly, cherishingly stroked many a time, sky-blue stretched out above, and that was all.

Translation Note:

[1] – The dialect being referred to is a quirk of Madelyn’s speech in Japanese, where she frequently attaches っちゃ (- ccha ) to the ends of her sentences. In our translation, we typically add a frig’ or friggin’ to her speech in these cases, however it admittedly does not capture the essence of the Japanese speech quirk perfectly, and there isn’t much that can be done in English in this regard.

--- Chapter 56: Arakiya ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Without being told by anyone. Arakiya swallowed it down.

Arakiya: [――――]

With great throbbing, the sound of flowing blood surged forth in the form of pain.

That heartbeat pounded faster than it had during the midst of battle, with each thump of the heart becoming a shock akin to a nail being driven directly into her soul, a shock which surged throughout her entire body. Yet, it eased Arakiya’s mind.

Knowing that the heart still pumped blood, signified that she still retained her human form.

Even if that were just a minor comfort akin to margin of error, it was necessary for Arakiya to keep herself from becoming stirred, to keep her soul from scattering.

――For the unique beings known as Spirit Eaters, none other than Arakiya existed in this world.

Born from the extreme delusions of individuals who could not be called researchers, but rather deviants; the taboo existence that was the Spirit Eater―― named Arakiya, had been kept alive as a sole being under a destiny shared with no one else in this world.

Her ego daringly diluted, Arakiya, who had clung only to the existence of the “pillar” that she deemed important to herself, had devoured Spirits, acted as a formidable being, and fulfilled her role.

She had thought that that would be enough.

However, it was not as she had realized, upon losing said “pillar”.

By the time she had realized it, it would have already been too late, as she would have likely invited the supposed end of a Spirit Eater; quick collapse of one’s ego, being consumed by the Spirits that had been taken in, soul being painted over.

However, Arakiya did not meet that fate. For that, two factors could be considered.

One was that the individual Arakiya had deemed as her pillar was like a dazzling sun, shining so brightly that, even when separated, she could not lose sight of them.

The other reason, and one that Arakiya would never want to admit―― in the days after being separated from her “pillar”, the Thunder that reminded Arakiya of the fact that she was herself shook her soul incessantly, evoking feelings of inferiority and stimulating her individuality.

Bathed in the light of the dazzling sun, accompanied by the incessant Thunder, Arakiya had preserved her own soul.

???: [――And, that is the conclusion I have come to, but I would like to hear if you have any awareness of it.]

Arakiya: […No.]

The year, was of the time when Arakiya surpassed Olbart in rank, being promoted to Second.

Chisha’s opinion, based on his search relating to the remaining literature on the Spirit Eater, had etched a stern expression on Arakiya’s face; the first time ever in their long acquaintance.

That was understandable. Chisha was intelligent, and his explanations were clear, but his perspective had been difficult for Arakiya to accept.

Arakiya herself only understood her existence as a Spirit Eater on a sensory level, yet she had wanted to believe that her entirety was made solely of Prisca.

She did not want that hopeful wish to be diluted by the least desirable components of all.

To begin with――,

Arakiya: […Why did you bring that up?]

As she questioned, it was surprising in itself that Chisha had broached such a topic.

Arakiya’s “pillar”, Prisca―― the fact that she had exceptionally escaped from the Imperial Selection Ceremony, having been allowed to leave the country alive, was a closely guarded secret even within the Vollachian Empire.

At the time, it was natural for Arakiya and Chisha, who had been involved in her exile, to know, but it had been a topic they had not spoken of for years, and something not to be mentioned to anyone else.

So why, at this moment, had Chisha chosen to bring it up?

Chisha: [I want to know whether you are a fragile, ephemeral, and vanishing existence or not. Whether I ought to count you among the numbers for the impending great battle.]

Arakiya: […It makes no sense. I’m one of the Nine Divine Generals.]

It was only natural that they would be sent to put down the rebellion or whatever that Chisha and Vincent were predicting.

However, at Arakiya’s response, Chisha’s eye twitched downwards, forming an unusual expression on his face. It was a smile seldom seen from Chisha, who had almost always worn an expression of either blankness or bewilderment.

With that smile, striking Arakiya in a moment of vulnerability, Chisha continued.

Chisha: [It seems like this battle will end up being a little bigger than the battle you are thinking ooof. I am well-aware that you do not truly serve His Excellency from the depths of your heart, nor do you consider me an ally.]

Arakiya: [――――]

Chisha: [Even though I know it to be true, it still stings a bit to not be denieeed.]

Arakiya: […For the Princess’s sake, I won’t disappear.]

Without acknowledging Chisha’s reaction as he touched his forehead, Arakiya ran her hand over her eyepatch.

For the reason as to why she was herself, the soul known as Arakiya had a proper answer. The concerns Chisha had would not come to pass. So although it was not to reassure Chisha, she declared.

Arakiya: [Also, that has nothing to do with Cecilus.]

Chisha: [Hm. Those are merely my deductiooons. If you really want to have me recognize that such is not the case, I would like for you to defeat Cecilus at least once.]

???: [Huuuuuh? Weren’t you talking about me just now? What’s this what’s this, it’s rather unkind for Anya and Chisha to treat me like I’m an outsider so I’d like you to stop with that please? Could it be you’re on about that ? About the slim chances of winning for Anya, who keeps extending her losing streak without learning her lesson?]

Arakiya: [Cecilus, die.]

In the end, a clash with Cecilus began right after, and Chisha, who had wanted to avoid being involved, fled, so the conversation did not progress further.

Afterwards, she had no recollection of ever continuing the conversation with Chisha.

Arakiya: [――――]

Just a vague thought crossed her mind.

Just when would the impending great battle that Chisha was concerned about come? And when it did, would she be counted among his forces?

If the opportunity ever arose, she would like to ask about it.

Arakiya had been acquainted with Chisha for a long time now.

Due to their relationship, which stemmed from the Imperial Selection Ceremony where she had been separated from Prisca; Arakiya harbored unforgiveness towards Chisha, who had been deeply involved in the reasons behind her separation with Prisca.

However, Chisha had taught Arakiya how to read and write. She owed him a debt. For that favor, she was willing to participate in battles Chisha desired her to.

――Or perhaps, was this too going to end up being attributed to reasons other than Prisca?

She hated Cecilus. Vincent was complicated, but she leaned towards not forgiving him due to what had happened to Prisca. Olbart was amusing with his jokes. Goz had a comical face. Groovy had a foul mouth but was actually very helpful, while Moguro would always listen to what she had to say without making unpleasant faces. Yorna was not her cup of tea, yet for some reason she was unable to hate her. Balleroy would occasionally take her for a ride on his flying dragon, and she felt like Madelyn and herself mutually tried to avoid seeing each other. To Todd, she was grateful.

――Would all of these also end up being attributed to reasons other than Prisca?

Arakiya: [――――]

Feeling as though she was about to fall apart, like she was about to be torn to shreds, as if losing every last part of herself that she could remember, Arakiya gathered up the fragments of “Arakiya”.

If she did not do so, the existence known as herself would disappear―― that was not the case.

Arakiya: […ncess.]

Without doing so, she would be unable to restrain what was ramping up within, on the verge of bursting out of her.

It was tremendously colossal. Unbelievably heavy. Intolerably twisted. If left unchecked, it would destroy the Empire.

If she could not keep it under control, her “pillar”―― Prisca, would not be protected.

That was why Arakiya, without being told by anyone, swallowed it down. Into her own incomparably thin and small body, she took the Stone, Muspel.

The Empire must not be destroyed by the monster who called herself a Witch, utilizing this Great Spirit.

For that purpose――,

???: [I guess she probably ate something bad. ――You really are a handful.]

The noisy Thunder felt like a hallucination, piecing together a torn-apart soul.

While being tormented by the loss and pain akin to a thundercloud, Arakiya continued to scramble together, scramble together, scramble together the fragments of “Arakiya”, resisting against the dispersion of her turbulent existence.

She continued to resist, and endured. ――Clinging to her soul on the verge of destruction, she awaited the one and only hope.

△▼△▼△▼△

The counting was growing tiresome, but it was their habit to do so.

Daring to go into the details of numbers could trivialize the reality one faced―― not to say that it would be a clever thing to do. Without such a mentality, it really was just a habit.

The habit of counting continued. ――This was the one hundred and ninety-first time.

???: [It’s getting tiresome being way too ordinary of a dude…]

Al muttered to himself as he felt the heat build up inside his helmet, sweat soaking the inside.

On the stage of the melted second bastion, the vain struggles of the out-of-place actor with a minor role continued. The atmosphere wobbled unsteadily due to the effects of the heat wave that engulfed the surrounding area, clearly transforming the space into something from a different dimension.

Humans would not be able to adapt to a world being remade into hell with every passing moment.

Trees and buildings were set ablaze, grit and pieces of the street had begun to melt. His palm gripping the dao made a sizzling sound, and he was unsure if even his clothing would ignite at any moment.

The circumstances they found themselves in were such, that it would not at all be strange for them to be turned into a ball of flames the next moment due to just standing there. In fact, more than once or twice, that had been the case.

And yet, in spite of these incredibly harsh circumstances――,

???: [Ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta――!!]

The leading actor furiously ran over the bubbling, boiling magma, maneuvering at a speed such that he could have been mistaken for a lightning bolt.

With his disheveled, deep-dark-blue hair dancing, running with his bright pink kimono fluttering was Cecilus Segmunt, the flamboyant, self-proclaimed leading actor of the world.

His speed as he sprinted over the magma, his incredible leg strength that one would not expect from a slender child’s legs, his seemingly inexhaustible stamina, and his courage to cross paths with an enemy that could remake the world in the blink of an eye, and the power of fate, were all first-class.

Declaring the world to be his stage, and placing himself in the role of leading actor, Cecilus was conscious of his appearance to an unseen audience and fulfilled himself in a way that did not shy away from those grandiose claims.

Who else could possibly mount a fight against such a powerful, extraordinary opponent?

Cecilus: [――Toh!]

With a high-pitched shout characteristic of a child, Cecilus’s body flew at an angle.

A moment after he leapt, the ground where he had been just before swelled up and exploded from within. Taking advantage of the blast, Cecilus twisted in midair as he was propelled.

With that, a lightning kick that could blow away even a stone pillar as thick as a giant tree trunk flew toward the silver-haired dogperson―― Arakiya, who floated in midair.

Arakiya: [――Ah, uh.]

With her exposed brown skin, Arakiya’s jewel-like red eyes shed tears of blood.

The soles of Cecilus’s charred zori flew straight at her torso as she let out a cry, looming, looming ever closer―― at the moment of impact, a loud sound detonated in the sky.

Cecilus: [~~Hk!!]

Immediately afterward, slamming down faster than when he had jumped up, Cecilus plunged to the ground and bounced violently on the street, squelching a cry of pain as he raised his head.

A moment later, blood gushed from his pale forehead, turning the small child’s face red.

Cecilus: [You’ve finally gotten to the point where you’re matching me perfectly, huh.]

Licking the blood that trickled down the well-shaped bridge of his nose, Cecilus commented on the fact that he had been successfully parried.

There was no hint of surprise in that. Because, this was not the first time she had parried him.

Already a dozen or so times, Cecilus’s lightning-swift attacks had been countered, and continued to be shot down. As a result, the situation was rapidly becoming severely unfavorable.

Al: [Lil’ Miss Arakiya is in quite a sorry state.]

Looking for an opening to intervene, Al saw Arakiya floating in the air, distorting the space around her.

Arakiya’s appearance, it was even more bizarre than it had been just a few moments earlier, with Magic Crystals growing out of the thin girl’s body as if piercing from within.

From a distance, the growths on Arakiya’s arms and back resembled the wings of an angel.

However, in reality, Arakiya had absorbed an exceedingly large entity, and it was attempting to devour through and spill out from the body of the girl in which it had been trapped.

Al: [Fuck.]

As Arakiya’s choice gradually eroded her power and made her deviate from her human form, Al could do nothing but curse and vent his uncontrollable anger.

He knew what it was like wanting to compensate for a lack of power, falling short of achieving one’s own desires.

Al could imagine that Arakiya had the potential to reach much greater heights than himself, and that there were numerous possibilities within her reach.

Nevertheless, by taking in something that did not mesh with her own capacity, Arakiya’s own brilliance would instead turn against herself, her surroundings, and the things she wanted to cherish.

And so, the simple answer that came in reciprocation was the current situation.

――Initially, Cecilus was the one who had possessed the upper hand in the fight against Arakiya.

In order to hold back Arakiya, who had turned into something dangerous that could blow away the second bastion and erase the entire Imperial Capital in its entirety, Cecilus fanned his stinging hostility against her, setting the stage by continuing to provoke her intuitive sense of danger.

To put it plainly, this was a battle of two transcendent beings who were not just one or two steps above as warriors, but rather ten.

Al had stayed behind, but he retained little capacity to intervene; still, out of close to two-hundred attempts, he had been able to prevent Cecilus’s limbs from being blown off on two occasions.

All the while, Arakiya was like a glass of water being endlessly overfilled, overflowing and spewing water at random, greatly endangering the lives of both Al and Cecilus.

But, even if this all were to repeat itself, which would of course happen by Al using the cheat of his territory, it would never be possible to capture Cecilus as he jumped around as a being outside of reason.

However, the situation had changed.

This was due to the aforementioned increasing deformity of Arakiya, which had immediately changed her fighting style.

Cecilus: [――Come to me!]

Raising a vigorous cry, full of belligerence, Cecilus’s eyes gleamed as he wiped away some blood.

A moment later, the area around Cecilus distorted, and twisted pillars of stone burst forth from all directions like giant serpents and attacked the boy. Cecilus crouched down, jumped away, and twisted to avoid the stone pillars that were furiously trying to snap at him, and the speed at which he leaped out of the way surged up to his top speed.

But, while shedding tears of blood, Arakiya’s onslaught did not let the lightning escape.

As he kicked the earth, the ground following Cecilus’s path swelled as he accelerated, creating a series of huge arms of stone and earth that grabbed at the boy as if to crush him.

Cecilus: [Unfortunately, touching the actors on the stage is strictly prohibited!]

Saying so wittily, Cecilus used the constructed arms that swung down like flyswatters as a foothold to break through, running up into the sky like they were a staircase; he reversed direction once he had secured altitude, and using the stone fists that were trying to strike him, he jumped toward Arakiya again.

But――,

Cecilus: [I messed up――!]

He received a strike from a huge stone fist that would have turned a normal person into a plume of blood with the soles of his zori , killing the fatal impact by using his whole body as a spring, and Cecilus screamed as he flew away using only the momentum he had received.

As Cecilus surged toward Arakiya with the force of a ballistic missile, a white light was created in his path of attack, and Cecilus, with nowhere to escape in the sky, dove toward Arakiya himself――,

Al: [Oooooh!]

With a howl, Al raised the dao, and he slammed the blade forth before Cecilus could jump into the light.

Instantly, after receiving a direct hit from the dao, the light flashed strongly for a moment, engulfing and obliterating the bodies of the approaching Al and Cecilus――,

×  ×  ×

Cecilus: [I messed up――!]

Receiving the giant fist of rock with the bottom of his zori , Cecilus, stealing only the momentum, shouted as he flew like a ballistic missile.

Before his shout could be uttered, Al pointed the tip of his dao into the empty air, and,

Al: [DONAAA!!]

Compared to Arakiya, the difference in their magic was like the difference between the moon and snot, but the stone shards that he produced ran through the sky, crushing the jutting light of destruction that was about to be born.

For a moment, a strong flash burned Al’s eyes even through his helmet, but it was not powerful enough to end Al’s life, much less Cecilus’s speed.

Cecilus: [Al-san, let’s do this!!]

The burst of light was instantly recognizable as to whose work it was, and Cecilus, relieved that his life had been saved, instantly swallowed down his emotion and charged toward Arakiya.

He raised his right hand in the form of a karate chop, with a sharpness that surpassed even that of a semi-famous sword. It flashed through the air, striking Arakiya, who had grown wings of magical crystals, at an angle――,

Al: [――Hk!]

At that moment, Al had a vision of, without exaggeration, a thunderclap and the sky being torn asunder.

In fact, it was not a vision, but rather the shockwave from Cecilus’s karate chop that went out from behind him, tearing a clinching blow into a group of buildings that were on the verge of collapse, leading to the collapse of the entire area.

But, however, Arakiya had received that karate chop in question.

Arakiya: [――――]

Glaring, her blood-red eyes moved to look at Cecilus, who was just a few feet away.

Despite receiving a powerful karate chop to the forehead, Arakiya maintained her body in mid-air without even showing the slightest tremor, and in return, she raised her wings of Magic Crystal――,

Arakiya: [――――]

Immediately after those thin lips produced a faint sound, a blow fatally gouged Cecilus.

△▼△▼△▼△

Moment-by-moment, as time flowed, elapsed, passed, “Arakiya” was disappearing.

Gradually feeling her existence, the whereabouts of her soul, being painted over, amidst the pain and anguish, Arakiya earnestly tried to recall the radiance of her Sun.

An obstreperous existence she had been. Despite having been created at the end of many sacrifices, she had been indifferent as to what would happen after she was created, becoming a dangerous object with nowhere to go.

While not knowing how to make effective or proper use of such a frightening being, that girl had calmly lined Arakiya up adjacent to the life she was leading, and had confidently told her to accompany herself.

Just why, why had she been able to try to oppose that perfected magnificence?

It should not have been possible for feelings of resistance or opposition to bud. That girl was the representation of everything Arakiya believed to be correct, and her very existence was the meaning in Arakiya’s birth.

In order to not let her lose that radiance, in order to not lose what she thought was beautiful about that radiance, she chose to leave her side, thinking it to be necessary, and somehow managed to endure the thought of being separated.

The reason she had endured, endured, endured it all, was because she believed that the Sun would rise once more.

――So long as she could protect the new day’s dawn, it would be fine if she herself could not bask in the rays of the rising Sun.

Recklessly crying out, whining that she could not place her hands upon it, while eyes of disappointment were directed towards her by none other than her Sun, that was when she had finally arrived at this conclusion.

She thought she had been forsaken by the Sun.

She thought the Sun would no longer shine upon herself.

However, facing off in the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, directing the Yang Sword towards a sobbing Arakiya, the Sun―― Prisca, had not cut Arakiya down with that treasured sword of crimson.

Afterwards, while surrounded by the servants of the Great Disaster that had appeared, she ought to have been able to flee. But, in exchange for Arakiya’s safety, she had chosen to be captured.

Those innermost feelings, that dazzling gleam, had not changed in the slightest.

If Prisca had remained unchanged, then Arakiya also desired for her vow to remain invariant.

――Prisca Benedict.

The Vollachian Empire’s symbol of a Sun that had set, yet would rise again.

When thinking of her, Arakiya could remain as “Arakiya”.

Arakiya could delay the limit for her soul growing hotter, and bursting apart.

However, even if her love and loyalty to Prisca was eternal, that limit could not be extended forever.

She was detaining a being that would engulf her, and would fully overtake her presence.

While Arakiya continued to resist that disgrace to her mind, the being that was even now borrowing Arakiya’s body was amplifying its destruction in the real world, to which she did not have room to turn her attention.

The destruction would only become more refined, the ruination would only gain more momentum, and it was only a matter of time before a full collapse.

Stagnating for a long period of however many centuries, even if a part of its power was being utilized in conflicts between humans, nor if it was being used for the enrichment of human activities, the Stone would not pay any mind―― yet when it had entered the fragile vessel known as Arakiya, it had learned to resist against disappearing.

The Great Spirit that had been taken in by Arakiya was displaying defensive instincts that it likely would not have employed were it in its original form, and ironically enough, it was strengthening its level of threat in order to protect the vessel of Arakiya.

Arakiya: [――――]

Somebody, somebody was fighting in order to stop Arakiya; she could feel it.

It seemed like, because somebody was causing Arakiya’s power to be somewhat exhausted, the brakes were being pulled on “Arakiya” fading away.

But, it was insufficient. Merely weakening her, merely keeping her in check, was insufficient.

In order to interfere with the objective of the Great Disaster, Arakiya had devoured it.

The Great Spirit, which would resign itself to the will of others regardless of what was done to it, upon being taken in by Arakiya, had learned the fear known as losing oneself.

Only one push was needed. After one more push, the Great Spirit would understand.

In order to keep “Arakiya” from disappearing, the Sun was required.

And, in order for “Arakiya” to fulfill her vow, something else was required. ――Thunder, was.

Somebody, somebody was fighting in order to stop Arakiya; she could feel it.

It was insufficient. That somebody, was insufficient. Just who in particular was needed, she knew.

That was why, while Arakiya was on the verge of bursting apart, she waited in hope.

――For Thunder, for reverberations of real Thunder, she waited in hope.

△▼△▼△▼△

Arakiya: [――Kill me, Cecilus.]

The moment he heard that, of all things, his thoughts came to a standstill.

Having slammed a karate chop into his opponent with all his might, he received a stare back as if it had been utterly ineffective, and immediately after, as the beautiful girl sobbed out tears of blood, she had made such an entreaty in a feeble voice.

Cecilus: [――――]

Then, faster than he could digest that muttering, Cecilus received a powerful blow to the chest.

The girl’s slender arms were essentially blades due to the sharpness of the Magic Crystals that densely grew on them, and alas, Cecilus’s slim chest was mercilessly cut open, staining his favorite kimono with blood as he began to fall.

Pain, was present. Awareness that he had blundered, was present. Signs of being in a huge pinch, were more than present.

However, more so than the wound that bore deep into him, more so than the blood that drew a trail through the air, he was unable to avert his gaze from the pitiful eyes and face of the girl from whom he was growing distant, unable to avert his gaze from the words that had been said――.

???: [■■!!] / [■■■■.] / [■●■●■●■.] / [■■■■●●■■.] / [●●●■■■.] / [――■■.] / [●●●●●!!] / [■■■●■●●■■●●.] / [●●…■.] / [●●■■●■■●●.] / [●■●■●■●■.] / [●●■●■●●●■■●――!]

Cecilus: [――My sincerest apologies but I beg you all to be quiet!!]

In that moment, Cecilus made a firm appeal to the incessantly audible voices of the audience.

???: [――――]

Normally, Cecilus would never have done anything like silence the voices of the audience.

He would use the incoming voices as a rousing basis to raise his own motivation, and at all times he would just calmly allow them to go in one ear and out the other as they spoke to him.

That, he had silenced. Quiet, even with the troublesome pain, he wished for quiet.

Cecilus: [――――]

While plummeting, Cecilus continued to stare at the girl amidst the silence as the audience hushed their voices.

Suffering as she shed tears of blood, the girl’s sorrowful appeals took the form of destroying the world, and in the midst of groaning out cries that bore no meaning, she was finally able to interject her own desire.

The fact that it had been none other than his own name, could have undoubtedly been called the destiny of the leading actor.

However――,

Cecilus: [――“Kill me”, you said, now that’s something I can’t let slide.]

More so than the pain or shock, he found it difficult to accept the way in which the words had been put together, so Cecilus clenched his teeth.

That moment, he bent his knees and rolled as he fell head-first towards the ground, and as he attempted to secure a safe landing, he evaded, evaded, evaded the chain of stone pillars that targeted his destination, leaping as his heels grazed the surface of the ground.

And then, he lifted his head.

Cecilus: [I don’t think those words were meant for me.]

Of course, he did not think that there was anybody else present who was called Cecilus.

However, he fully understood that the person to whom the crying girl had called out, to whom she had entrusted her wish, was not himself. ――That was overwhelmingly aggravating.

The most important bout, the gamble on which all would be staked, the decisive scene, the time to rise to the occasion, any phrasing would do fine.

With such a moment, such a scene, such a climax having been prepared, there was no way it would have been fine for the Cecilus Segmunt who had been called out there to have been somebody other than himself.

Therefore――,

Al: [――Cecilus! You, that wound…]

Cecilus: [I’ve made up my mind, Al-san.]

Having suffered a serious wound, Cecilus’s figure was shedding blood, and seeing that, Al uttered out a voice as he fastened his dao to his neck for some reason. Responding to him, Cecilus tore off a strip from his ripped kimono , and using it as a string, he tied back his disarrayed, blue hair.

Then, giving a smile, he looked up at the weeping girl―― at the heroine, and declared.

Cecilus: [Bear witness, Observers of the heavens above. ――Witness the choices the world shall make.]

--- Chapter 57: Cecilus Segmunt ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Cecilus Segmunt was a Stargazer.

This opening passage has already been used, and thus it is rejected.

――Cecilus Segmunt was the leading actor of this world.

This is a fact that continues to be proven through how he enthralled others with his actions rather than it simply being told, so it is rather unsophisticated.

――Cecilus Segmunt was entirely unique within this world.

This point is not limited to just Cecilus, and thus is headache-inducing.

――Cecilus Segmunt was Cecilus Segmunt.

This is the most suitable definition, and thus it shall be used as the opening this time around.

In that case――,

△▼△▼△▼△

――Cecilus Segmunt was Cecilus Segmunt.

Sworn to the Tenchi Shinmei , this fact served as the absolute, unshakable foundation of Cecilus. [1]

No matter what had happened to his body, even if there used to be an adult version of himself, as the people around him were saying, who was a handsome young man with a blossoming appearance and limbs longer than he had now, that was already the Before Cecilus, and in this current moment, there existed no Cecilus Segmunt other than his own individual self.

Therefore, he would prove it.

Cecilus: [Bear witness, Observers of the heavens above. ――Witness the choices the world shall make.]

Having finished tightly tying up his hair with a strip from his clothes, he firmly slapped his cheeks with his empty hands.

Cecilus rarely used this method of motivating himself, but it was very important in playwriting for a change in feelings to be easy for anybody to see. By interposing this sort of depiction, the people watching would be made aware of the actor’s feelings on the stage, and of the fact that the play was progressing to the next scene .

Then, as Cecilus cocked his head with a “Come to think of it”,

Cecilus: [You guys are surprisingly reasonable, everyone. I wouldn’t mind in the slightest if you resumed with your usual chatter.]

???: [ ●●■▼●■●! ] / [ ▼■■―― ] / [ ■■■■■!! ] / [ ▲■■▲●●●■▲●●▲▼■●▲■■●●●. ] / [ ●■●●■■■! ] / [ ――▲▼▲. ] / [ ●●▲▼▲●●. ] / [ ■●▲●■■●●▲■●! ●■●! ▲▼■! ] / [ ●●■■■▼●■―― ]

That instant, the voices of the audience that had been forced into silence exploded, and while Cecilus nodded internally at their usual operations, he got back into his flow.

Being glued to him at all times, their presence was something that continued to fulfill Cecilus’s need for approval, and silencing them like that was the first time he had done so. It was an unthinkable action even for himself, but it was also certainly quite surprising that they would actually keep silent like that.

He was quite pleased by that fact, and it served as a good sign of things to come.

After all――,

Cecilus: [――I’m about to go triumph over an opponent who underestimated me.]

Right after he stated thus, a flash of light bore into Cecilus’s face.

Al: [Ceci――]

As it bore right into the middle of Cecilus’s smug grin, Al raised his voice.

As he rushed over, he was about to exert force onto his dao that was fastened to his neck for some reason upon seeing Cecilus’s form like that. But, he desisted.

The image of Cecilus, pierced by the light, blurred, and he realized that what had died was an afterimage.

And then――,

Cecilus: [It’d be better for you to distance yourself a bit.]

Right after that reached Al’s eardrums, the afterimage of Cecilus flicked away, and a shock wave expanded.

The sound that was delivered lagged behind the flash of light, causing space to rupture, and as it expanded as if to chase the expanding destruction, covering a distance of ten-odd meters, it blew open a round crater in the street which no longer retained its original form.

Al: [Woahhhhhh!?]

As Al was caught up in the aftershock yielded by the attack, his scream trailed off, but that was not captured in the corner of Cecilus’s vision as he headed forward. Only, he did not completely ignore Al’s presence, either.

Acquiring information of his surroundings such as Al’s conduct and physical ability until now, along with how his previous position and scream were getting further away, as a natural result on stage derived from the nature of the opponent’s attack, Cecilus envisioned the figure of the unseen Al in the theater of his mind.

In all likelihood, that was exactly what had happened. That was because his current state was the best for putting on a show.

――Although actors would not be able to see every position on the stage at all times, it was absolutely crucial for them to constantly be aware of the happenings at every last corner of the stage.

That sensation expanded―― no, the scope of the imaginary field of vision within his brain expanded.

Cecilus established his own position as centerstage, and directed the stage effects as well as the performance of the actors cast into the roles to his own liking; that was to say, he was running at breakneck speed towards the actualization of the most shining developments throughout the entire world.

Cecilus: [――――]

As Cecilus ran on the border between life and death, the figure of the heroine floating above only grew more grotesque.

Unperturbed even when suffering the full strength of Cecilus’s karate chops, the heroine had many small Magic Crystals growing on her slender shoulders and arms, her appearance having turned into one that gave the fantastical illusion of being clad with sparkling wings.

What was particularly eye-catching about that figure, which could even be called beautiful, were the belts of light gently caressing the sky that floated around the heroine ―― Magic Crystals of thin and flat construction.

Due to some sort of principle, one of the belts of magical nature was illuminated in turn by the flaming cityscape, swimming through the sky on a silky trajectory that could sway with the wind; that instant, it was fired towards Cecilus, cutting through the world.

The same attack that had blown Al away earlier, that approached Cecilus’s face once more, his eyes gleaming, and approaching, approaching――,

Cecilus: [―― Lick . I see, now this is a peculiar flavor. I guess it should be called gemstone flavor?]

That instant, Cecilus stuck out the tip of his tongue, and he ascertained the taste of the belt of light that was about to bore into his face right before evading it. The sensation his tongue perceived was hard yet soft, and the flavor was, as stated, close to that of a gemstone.

Visually resemblant of hard candy, the gemstones had a disappointing flavor when rolling it around one’s mouth―― and were nothing more and nothing less than part of belts the heroine was clad in.

Cecilus: [Come to think of it, you started off by sending light and fire flying and then swapped to pillars of stone and limbs of earth along the way. Are these jewels the next progression of that… they are truly quite elegant so I like it! How splendid oh how splendid, the feeling of climax is rising!]

Retracting the tongue that had licked the belt, Cecilus roared with laughter at his surge of morale.

In this eleventh hour, in this decisive bout, he was filled with awe that his opponent was a heavenly maiden clad in a feathered robe of gemstones. And in addition, he had gone and formulated his own understanding from the results of their earlier combat.

The karate chops that Cecilus had unleashed at lightning speed, they had the might to split an iron castle in twain, let alone a wall of stone. But, though he could not say for sure, he had heard that among gemstones, there were some that were harder than even those materials.

That was to say, the heroine whom Cecilus was opposing was――,

Cecilus: [――The heavenly maiden of diamond!!]

Right after he uttered those words, belts of diamond were fired from the feathered robe of the heavenly maiden.

With a flash, the belts of light closed in as they bisected the world―― they numbered around twelve, eleven if the one he had licked and evaded was excluded, but they surrounded Cecilus from eleven different directions as they assailed in an effort to kill him.

It was a domain undoubtedly tessellating with Death itself, and it was the kind of intense battle where one would have to dodge raindrops amidst a storm――,

Cecilus: [If that’s what’s needed! Be it drops of rain or grains of sand, let’s dodge them!]

The eleven lines separating life and death ran amok, one more made its return, making it twelve lines, and evading those, evading, evadinginginginginginginginginging――.

If one hit him, it would be fatal, if it was fatal, it would fall to ruin, if it fell to ruin, curtain’s close.

The tips of his toes were whittled down as he stepped, the blood spilling from the wound on his chest evaporated, and he twisted his small build through the gaps in the latticed belts that blocked his way, rejecting the lowering of the curtain. Well how about that, have you ever seen anything like it? If this had been an adult’s body, he would not have been able to slip through the gaps, so after various deductions, it was the current Cecilus’s win.

Having won, he decided he would keep on winning, so in order to secure victory, he flashed his teeth in a smile――,

Cecilus: [This is where imagination will spread its wings!]

With no room to stop moving as the fierce onslaught rained down upon him, he ignored everything as blood spurted from his deep wound.

The acceleration of his thoughts in the midst of battle was spectacular, and up until now, the fight had received great praise, applause, and loud cheers. However, at this rate, it would progressively become worse, boring, and hated by everyone; in order to devise the best directorial plan , he would need to put the functions of his body through a gear change to prioritize shining on the stage.

――First of all, he cut his ability to discern colors. The world was dyed black and white.

The coloration of the world lost its vibrance, but a monochrome world had the advantage of displaying the true nature of things which could only be displayed in a monochrome world.

――Next, he cut his ability to identify sounds. The voices of the audience and his own heartbeat, the delayed sounds of the bands of light cutting through the wind and of the stage being demolished, were all entirely abandoned.

A soundless world was dull, but there was a flavor that could only come from this refined taste of enjoying discomfort. It was in this environment where that flavor could be found, that of delight assailing one’s chest upon witnessing the masterful performance within the faces and gestures of the actors.

――In addition, he also cut his senses of taste, smell, and pain. He fully wielded his body for the purpose of battle, fully concentrated his mind on the thoughts that flashed by, and raised the curtain on the theater that was the imaginary field of vision within his mind.

Cecilus: [――Well then.]

Thus, with that breath interposed, the world of black and white―― in the space where he continued to evade the fierce attacks from the belts of diamond, Cecilus was quite literally looking down upon himself as he earnestly struggled while putting on airs.

Expressing the acceleration of thoughts in a fantastical manner, it was a sensation akin to a single instant being prolonged. That having been said, it was not all-powerful. The leading actor was perhaps able to excel at preserving the scene, but there was a limit to how much they could captivate the audience if the situation did not move. That which swayed hearts, was the progression of a story.

That diamond heroine had made an entreaty whilst crying, and though Cecilus had taken great offense to that, he had distorted the intentions of that appeal for his own convenience, and he had no choice but to gain the driving force necessary to propel this situation that was steadily progressing in slow-mo .

Cecilus: [――――]

Thinking by normal standards, the girl was someone who was affiliated with Cecilus. There was also the possibility that she was a hardcore fan who one-sidedly knew the overly famous Cecilus, but even supposing that were the case, it would pose no problems in his thoughts from here on out, so it ought not be questioned whether or not that was true.

What was important here, was that the Cecilus Segmunt she was familiar with was not his current self, but the annoying Before Cecilus who often came up in conversation.

Others would probably be astonished were they to hear about it, and Schwartz and Tanza had actually been astonished by it, but Cecilus had absolutely no interest whatsoever in that topic of the Before Cecilus.

No matter what he was told, it was a stranger’s affairs; no matter what he did, it was an accidental resemblance; no matter what remained, it was someone else’s achievements.

That was Cecilus’s perception, and hence the Before and After within Cecilus were clearly differentiated. That was the same perception as the heroine , who seemed to be in a floundering state after having found something to eat.

The heroine did not view the Before Cecilus and the After Cecilus as the same being.

Cecilus: [That in itself is a welcome development and since it’s not progressing into something telling me to become big, I’m left with no choice but to progress things in the state they currently are!]

???: [I wonder about that. In spite of being grateful that I’m being considered a separate entity I feel a clear discontent at the fact that I’m not the one who is required.]

As Cecilus pondered, another Cecilus suddenly appeared beside him.

Even though he had just declared that the Before and After Ceciluses were separate, it was quite confusing for Another Cecilus to appear here, but it was true that a conversational partner being here meant that he was on the right track.

Cecilus: [Well, let’s perceive this as the result of my heightened concentration making the acceleration of thoughts easier to understand through a visual metaphor. More importantly is the topic of the current state of the heroine .]

Cecilus: [I think that rather than the topic of the heroine , the topic is more so that of her stance when it comes to me. Of course, if you look at Boss and Tanza-san it’s not difficult to imagine that the relationship between a key figure within a story and their heroine can produce a chemistry that hadn’t existed up until then.]

Cecilus: [So you’re saying that such chemistry can also be produced between me and her?]

Cecilus: [I wonder. Why did you decide to make her the heroine in the first place again?]

Cecilus: [Was just going with the flow.]

Cecilus: [With the flow, huh~?]

Cecilus: [But but you know the thing that Boss called a live feeling isn’t something to look down on. Swift decisions and spinal reflexes are essentially inspiration that relies on instinct, but isn’t it the case that I’ve gotten through many scenes because I’ve followed my instincts?]

Cecilus: [True, now that you mention it. So you’re saying that since your current state is the result of having followed your instincts, the best thing to do is to keep following your instincts?]

Cecilus: [That’s the kind of feeling I get. However if that’s what’s gonna happen then, y’know. ――My current instincts are wondering why it’s someone other than myself, Cecilus Segmunt, who’s being relied on.]

Cecilus: [I see. But that’s a matter of her not wanting the current me, isn’t it? The one being requested is the Before Cecilus but does that mean that the After Cecilus thinks he can’t do what the Before Cecilus would be able to do?]

Cecilus: [Ah, in that case, the solution is for the current me to surpass the previous me.]

Cecilus: [Nooo~ objections!]

The two Ceciluses nodded at each other, and having reached a mutual agreement, a dispute then occurred over which one of them would return to the Real Cecilus whom they were looking down upon.

An unproductive battle to decide which one of them was the true soul of Cecilus began, and then concluded―― immediately after, time began to move as normal for the Real Cecilus, and he resumed dealing with the twelve lines of death birthed from diamond being fired from the heavenly maiden’s feathered robe.

Cecilus: [――I’ve been looking at things slowly so the speed of my sensations is fast fast fast!]

The twelve dancing light belts each acted independently with their own will, and drew irregular trajectories like living creatures differing from ordinary weapons. When he tried to knock one down with a karate chop, the part which made contact was gouged out entirely and became painful to look at. He perceived that they were even sharper than Rowan’s treasured Onibami, so this was quite the hard enemy.

Only, while he was being surrounded by the swarm of highly lethal, yet beautiful, gemstones, Cecilus thought to himself.

Cecilus: [That phrasing of “kill me”, it means that she thinks the Cecilus within her head would be able to do so.]

In other words, that was an expression of trust that if it were the Cecilus within her head, he would easily be able to break through this diamond besiegement and reach her, and then magnificently cause her heart to stop.

Naturally, since Cecilus intended to surpass the previous Cecilus, it was an essential condition that he go above and beyond that――,

Cecilus: [If it’s something that the Before me has never done before, then how about this?]

For the hurdle he had imposed to surpass his own self, there was a spark in Cecilus’s thoughts.

If it were the Before Cecilus, he might have been able to entirely avoid the incoming attack, but if it were the Perfect Cecilus that resulted from the unity of the After Cecilus and the Another Cecilus, then he would create a climax that was more than merely evasion.

A belt of light was aimed for above his neck, a glimmer approached his torso, a cleaving motion aimed to shave off his feet rather than sweep him off of them; he stepped with his left and right legs in sequence to evade, then bent himself backwards, crouched down, stretched out his knees and jumped up in a complete evasion of all the shots, and as a result――,

Cecilus: [This is a cat’s cradle of light!]

He kept on evading the twelve independent light belts at a hair’s breadth, and guiding them to become entangled mid-air, he magnificently knotted them into a web which became the “ Tokyo Tower ”.

During their journey from the Gladiator Island, Schwartz had displayed a pastime that involved playing with yarn, and since Tanza had unusually, and openly, been impressed with that, it caused Schwartz to get seriously bashful; such was what Cecilus had recreated.

Of course, there was no meaning even if he did such a thing.

The diamond belts were made from colossal Mana, and there was no limit to their length; once a knot was formed, it could be untied by breaking down and reconstructing itself, so it would be just as if nothing had happened.

He had no such mistaken sense of triumph that he had contained the opponent’s attacks by this.

Only, he had acquired something. Conviction.

Cecilus: [I will surpass myself.]

He had not seen the actual individual. Neither could he actually draw a comparison with him.

However, the Before Cecilus that Cecilus pictured inside his head, had never created this “ Tokyo Tower ”. Because there was no “ Tokyo Tower ” inside of him.

So even if the Before Cecilus might have been able to successfully dodge, when it came to triumphantly creating a climax that would go beyond simply evading, the current Cecilus was in the lead by a step.

Cecilus: [――――]

Right after that conviction, the formation of the “ Tokyo Tower ” of light beneath Cecilus came undone.

Returning to Mana, it reconstructed itself, as had been hypothesized―― what had been slightly outside of the hypothesis, was that during the moment of construction, a colorless explosion would be yielded.

If it merely got erased then she would have kept losing as they played, and that occurrence seemed like a rebellious spirit opposed to that――,

Cecilus: [You’re quite the sore loser!]

In a world that had no color, in which even his own voice was ignored by his eardrums, Cecilus was impressed by the heroine as he gazed at her from afar.

After being impressed, a colorless beam of light gradually ascended from directly below him―― suffering a direct hit would cancel out his evasion of the belts, and the degree of freedom he had in the air was overwhelmingly lower than what he had on the ground.

This was bad, bad bad bad bad; he got fired up.

――Expanding his imaginary field of vision once again, he carried out a gear change on the functions of his body.

Sense of color, maintain current status. Sense of hearing, maintain current status. Sense of pain and sense of touch, reactivate; hiding the pain that instantly boiled up behind a smile with teeth bared, he searched for the “key” amidst the sensation of a single second being divided up into one hundred parts.

With that, he could search for the “key” that would turn the script over to the next page .

Cecilus: [――There it is.]

Laying the nerves within his body bare, he engaged in the hyper-dimensional act of savagery that was exposing them to the wind, and as he ascended, Cecilus’s outstretched leg hit something.

It was neither a convenient wall nor building. What had been hit was, from the cityscape being destroyed as it was engulfed in the battle between Cecilus and the heroine , a fragment of the rubble that had been whirled up, a single grain of gravel.

That, he used as a foothold.

Cecilus: [Shwee.]

Using the exceedingly faint sensation that had struck the sole of his foot as a foothold, Cecilus’s body leapt through the air.

To avoid the rising achromatic destruction from catching up to him, Cecilus stepped again onto blown up splinters of wood and shattered fragments of window glass, and finally stepping onto a slightly larger cinder of ash, he escaped higher.

Why was he able to do it? He could do it simply because he could, he would make all those who laid eyes upon him believe so.

Disregarding various logical and general notions, Cecilus’s action of fleeing to the sky was an outrage against common sense. Those who witnessed it might have called it a miracle, but for Cecilus, this was only the beginning, nothing more than a handful of the miracles that arrived to color the world at various moments each and every day.

And thus, if he continued to cause these miracles――,

Cecilus: [Impatient reality will bare its fangs.]

Thanks to his unreasonable ascension, Cecilus escaped the beam of light, and before right or wrong could come as a result from that escape, the reconstructed light belts ate into the colorless beam of light from within, and began to chase Cecilus through the sky.

As the twelve belts entangled in a helix, its tip radially expanded while pointing towards Cecilus, and just as a carnivorous plant would captivate bugs with its beautiful petals, it bit at him. The flower petals closing like a bud, Cecilus would have no means to escape being swallowed by the diamond flower.

That too, surely, would only have been if it were the Cecilus who was not the current Cecilus.

Cecilus: [ Bang .]

And, the sound of an atmospheric explosion a hundredfold of the sound he had voiced shook the battlefield.

Unfortunately, although Cecilus himself had shut out all sounds and thus could not hear it, he was sorry to the eardrums of the heroine and of Al who were also present in this location. But then again, the thing that made him want to complain the most, was probably the sky that Cecilus had kicked, and had caused to explode.

Cecilus, who could leave sound behind and run at lightning speed, was well-aware that the atmosphere had walls. Kicking those walls was not an easy feat, but it would have been troubling to be disdained as a poor actor who had messed up the climax. Even if he was performing without a rehearsal, perfectly captivating the audience was essential for the leading actor.

As a result, together with the sound of the explosion, Cecilus’s body shot straight downwards. He took a sharp nosedive, and faster than the diamond flowerbud could finish closing, he escaped the petals and fell to the ground.

Cecilus directly pierced the ground, and undoubtedly yielded an impact akin to a lightning strike.

He had paid the price with his right leg, which was now in a horrid state from the knee down, but it was hard to determine whether a gallant figure seizing victory unscathed or the fierce figure sustaining injuries while felling the opponent would make for a better picture. It would be discourteous for the audience to go on and on about what should have been done after the fact, so he puffed out his chest with the sensation of receiving thunderous applause, and proceeded forward, forward――.

Cecilus: [――Ten steps.]

By eye, he measured the distance to the heroine in the sky, and purposely stepped forward with his bloodied leg.

Aiming for Cecilus as he broke out into a run, the once closed flowerbud expanded anew, and as the diamond petals rained down on him as if spores being scattered, he left them in the dust with a single large step.

Cecilus: [――Nine steps.]

The space to Cecilus’s left and right distorted, and as they twisted, pillars of stone appeared.

Methods of attack other than the belts of diamond light resumed here, and clenching his teeth at the detestable arrangement, he unreasonably overworked his right leg that was placed on the ground in a reckless manner, and gaining speed, he sacrificed some stray hairs as he slipped through the gap in the pillars coming at him from left and right; the atmosphere ended up being the only thing that got pulverized.

Cecilus: [――Eight steps.]

Smashing the ground, were several quadrilateral blocks around the size of houses―― masses of stone in the shapes of cubes emerged, and were fired towards him like a barrage of throwing spears.

Stretching out the knee of his left leg, he stepped on the tip of an approaching rock spear, and using that, which was so fatal that it could have also functioned as a gravestone immediately after a direct hit, as a foothold, he plunged into the barrage.

Cecilus: [――Seven steps, six steps, abridge the rest!]

Adapting to the unforeseen situation, he reset the count of steps, and slipping past the storm of stone pillars constructed to reject the After Cecilus, the distance that once seemed to be infinite now closed in on zero.

The heroine exerted her fury to allow none other than the Cecilus she accepted, the Cecilus who could reach her, to get close.

At that stubborn, obstinate heroine , Cecilus was fired up to prove that even his current self could reach her.

That was undoubtedly a world-leading destructive contest of obstinacy on a level of danger that would go down in the history of the Empire.

Taking control of that struggle of obstinacy, Cecilus would accomplish that.

It was not a matter of what he would do once he accomplished it. He simply wanted to accomplish it, and so he would.

Cecilus: [――Two steps!!]

With karate chops from both of his hands, he blew away the obstructing stone pillars, and inferring the distance until the heroine who had been concealed, from where he had jumped out, he spotted her around ten meters in the sky above him; while giving a standing ovation to his instincts within his brain, he seized the range.

Cecilus: [――――]

Thereupon, through the process of breaking down and reconstructing themselves, the twelve belts of adamantine light blocked the way again.

Escaping the storm of stone pillars, Cecilus looked up, and receiving that gaze, the heroine directed her belts of light towards him once more. In that moment, while greatly capturing the range, the light belts spread out, and their tips faintly flickered; the ultrathin articles divided themselves further, from twelve to twenty-four, from twenty-four to forty-eight, from forty-eight to ninety-six, from ninety-six to one-hundred and ninety-two, from one-hundred and ninety-two to three-hundred and eighty-four, from three-hundred and eighty-four to――,

Cecilus: [~~Hk.]

As the light belts branched to an extent that became too absurd to enumerate, they beautifully glistened in the sky as they came falling like a waterfall.

Left, right, and behind, the directions which would have been a path of escape were filled with the pillars of stone; the stage had been transformed into an inescapable barrier. The only path was straight ahead, and even just a graze from the drops of the falling light would have been a fatal, inevitable death, let alone getting struck head-on.

――Fatal, inescapable, fatal, inescapable, fatal, inescapable, fatal, inescapable, fatal, inescapable, fatal, inescapable, fatal, inescapable, fatal, inescapable, fatal, inescapable, fatal, inescapable, fatal, inescapable, fatal, inescapable.

Cecilus: [――――]

The world devoid of color and sound was permeated with the probability of Death.

Before the destiny of an unavoidable Death, he recalled all the miracles he had accumulated.

It was a miracle that his right leg was still attached at the knee; it was a miracle that he could still move with an exceedingly deep wound in his chest that almost revealed his heart; it was a miracle that he still was overflowing with motivation at the figure of the heroine as she continued to cry.

And then――,

Cecilus: [――――]

――It was a miracle that within Cecilus’s hand as it reached towards the heavens, a prop had arrived with the best possible timing .

△▼△▼△▼△

――Twelve-thousand, two-hundred and eighty-eight times.

That was the number of times Al had spent figuring out his role on this stage.

Al: [――――]

Immediately after Cecilus, with his hair in a bun, had changed his mind with a reasoning that Al did not understand, the battle accelerated further into the realm that laughed at the thought of Al’s intervention.

From the get-go, it was a battlefield where he knew there was little he could do.

Within his defined territory, even after nearly two-hundred attempts, he’d only had two opportunities to intervene. Those two times had been undoubtedly meaningful, but in a battle that had kicked up a notch, there was not a single chance for Al to intervene.

To begin with, Arakiya herself was not even able to endure the aftermath of the attacks she was aiming at Cecilus.

Unlike the attacks prior to Arakiya’s transformation into her deformed state with the magical crystals, where she simply shot out the Mana that welled up, her current attacks were clearly more sophisticated. The destructive power wielded by Arakiya―― what could have been called “belts of light” had caused the entire area to become completely destroyed, and Al, who had been roped up by them, had been obliterated more than two thousand times.

What was the point of being in a battle in which one’s mere presence would be fatal?

However, giving up on any form of intervention and withdraw from the battlefield was not an option. For, if he did, Cecilus would be killed by a belt of light before he could reach Arakiya.

In order to change this unchangeable outcome, Al had looked for an opening to intervene―― repeatedly getting himself roped up there. After many hundreds, thousands of times, he realized this.

There were problems with Al’s positioning, and there were times when he was obliterated by one of the belts as if he were merely a bug to be swatted away. Still, if he were to manage to see Cecilus make it over to Arakiya, he witnessed Cecilus’s incomprehensible movements as he was subjected to an inevitable attack.

――Just before the belts of light that wrapped around Arakiya branched out into a hopeless number and poured down, Cecilus had reached out toward the heavens.

Al: [――――]

At first, Al thought that Cecilus was about to unleash his full strength with his karate chop. However, Cecilus’s right hand showed no sign of moving, even at the moment the light rained down.

It was not until hundreds of times later that he realized that he was not performing a karate chop, but was rather extending his five fingers.

It was not a karate chop or a fist, but an open palm facing the heavens. He had no idea what it meant. He did consider the surprise of him suddenly using magic, but in any case, Cecilus, with his magic a dud, would end up being swallowed by the shimmering light, and Al would likewise be roped up and obliterated.

Al: [――――]

After confirming this, attempts continued to be made in vain, with no room for intervention.

In that ultra-fast-paced battle, results would come into being as quick as the blink of an eye, and even before a situation was ascertained, its possibilities examined, and ideas given shape, the number of reversible defeats accreted at an accelerated rate.

Even if he was not impatient with that fact, he was frustrated by the fact that he could not reach the destination.

A tremendous sense of regret ate away at him, making him wonder if he had made a mistake by hesitating to withdraw when he should have, leading him into a dead-end route, only for him to be turned to cinders along with those feelings.

Despite Al’s desperate attempts, Cecilus did not even look at him, and Arakiya did not give him a second thought. It was really frustrating.

It made him feel that this was their own private struggle and that they had only been repeatedly telling him so endlessly, thousands of times, and by violent and impulsive means.

――What if that was not the case?

Al: [――――]

It was a possibility that had unexpectedly slipped into his mind, and Al quickly shook his head to deny it.

Several times, he had sensed an idea beginning to sprout and had witnessed the signs of its development, but in each case, there were no further results, and each time, it disappeared, swallowed by the light of doom.

However, this time, uncharacteristically, that idea had been brought past the end into the next restart.

What if that was not the case? ――What if there was room for intervention?

Al: [――――]

Thoroughly, Al decided to cling to the sprouting possibilities.

Cecilus would avoid all of Arakiya’s attacks and arrive in front of her. The shimmering belts of light that clothed her would spread out into countless branches and pour down, ending with light engulfing the world.

Over and over again, he kept trying to get a complete picture of what was going on up until this final act.

During this, he had noticed Cecilus licking the belts of light, taking him aback.

During this, he had noticed Cecilus kicking off empty space and flying through it, taking him aback.

During this, he had noticed that he was actually kicking off pebbles and scraps of ash, not empty space, taking him even more aback.

And so, he proceeded in furthering his understanding, furthering it, furthering it, before then raising his head.

Cecilus was perhaps, or maybe, was, more or less――,

――Reaching towards the heavens as part of constructing his spotlight.

Al: [――――]

Al thought to himself in shock, “ What else could be expected of me?” as he was obliterated.

The hurdles of those demands were so high that thoughts like “There’s no way” and “Maybe, it could…” began to dance through his mind. But then, the realization hit him. He had been dragged into it.

Right smack-dab in the middle of the stage, not just on top of it, vacillating between getting off of it or not――.

Al: [――――]

It became a long struggle from there. No one would understand. No one needed to.

He must survive up to that moment, flounder over to that moment, reach that moment and intervene in that moment.

It would require a lot of struggling to achieve this. But this was fine. ――The times he would struggle did not amount to how many stars there were.

Because of that――,

Al: [――Go for it, star actor.]

On the twelve-thousand two-hundred and eighty-eighth time―― the hilt of the dao was thrown into Cecilus’s hand, which he held up to the sky, gripping it ever so tightly.

△▼△▼△▼△

――In the past, there was a building known as the “loot house”.

In the slums of the Royal Capital of Lugunica, the symbol of the Kingdom’s long-standing debt, a place shrouded in darkness, where stolen goods were openly traded, had laid.

This loot house became the stage for a confrontation over a crucial item that could determine the fate of the Kingdom, ultimately meeting its demise in the clash involving the current Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, who intervened to defeat the Bowel Hunter, Elsa Granhiert, resulting in its collapse.

The sword Reinhard had wielded at that moment, was a nameless, mass-produced blade.

It did not possess any extraordinary sharpness; it was merely a sword borrowed by Reinhard that happened to be in the loot house and used for the battle.

However, with that single swing in the hands of the Sword Saint Reinhard, it gained the opportunity to unleash a sword strike that even the most famous and treasured swords would never experience.

Of course, no ordinary sword could withstand that single slash, and it instantly crumbled in Reinhard’s hands, ending its life as a tangible object there.

However, was the broken sword truly unfortunate?

It was impossible for one to fathom the feelings of a tool, but between a sword gathering dust in a corner of the loot house, rusting away for decades before being discarded, or fulfilling its purpose as a tool, which could be said to have better fulfilled its true purpose?

One could say that the sword fulfilled in a single swing what it might have taken a thousand or even ten-thousand swings in the hands of an ordinary wielder to achieve.

The story has begun to veer off its main point, so we shall get it back on track.

Simply put, the reason for the collapse of the loot house was that an ordinary, blunt blade had found a wielder who could fulfill its true purpose as a sword, and thus had it been swung.

If that was the case, then.

If the Sword Saint could achieve that, there was no reason why an equally skilled wielder could not do the same.

Cecilus: [――You did a great job, Al-san.]

Confirming the sensation in the outstretched hand with conviction, Cecilus praised the man who had performed a miracle.

And thus did he acknowledge, and thus did he assert. Cecilus could not even begin to imagine the difficulties Al had faced in handing over the dao to him right now.

Human imagination was infinite, but even the rash idea of reaching infinity was presumptuous.

It was like the peak of a mountain that was known to exist yet could not be reached―― a fantastical dream akin to the Heavenly Sword that Cecilus continued to pursue.

However, Al had made it in time.

Through means unimaginable even to Cecilus, Al had overcome the mountain and delivered the miracle Cecilus desired into his hands.

Bravo, bravo, nothing else but the sound of bravo, and thunderous ovation to the sounds of blooming incredible.

Cecilus: [――――]

The rain of light became unavoidable Death and poured down upon Cecilus.

When one became an actor of Cecilus’s caliber, one might understand that the audience often desired a beautiful, star-studded ending rather than a mundane demise, and under certain circumstances, one might even consider it fitting, but now was not a good time. This was not the curtain call he had envisioned.

Therefore――,

Cecilus: [That ending needs a rewrite.]

Cecilus swung the slightly oversized dao with the skill of a seasoned swordsman, as if he had swung it thousands, tens of thousands, or even hundreds of millions of times before.

Even though it would have been the first time he wielded the weapon, within Cecilus’s ever-so expansive imagination and theater of his mind, there existed a record of swinging this dao throughout the mornings, afternoons, and nights, puking up blood and sweating profusely. However, depicting such scenes would be NG for Cecilus, so he simply plucked the fruits of his efforts.

――In an instant, a flash of lightning that transcended the limits of the dao, slashed away the pouring rain of light into nihil.

It was not just the countless strands of light that were obliterated in that flash. The dense forest of stone pillars that covered Cecilus’s left, right, and rear, attempting to seal off any escape routes, was blown to smithereens.

At this moment, Cecilus Segmunt’s sword strike had surpassed the Spirit Eater Arakiya―― No, it had surpassed the Stone, Muspel, which was said to be the very land of the Vollachian Empire.

Cecilus: [――――]

Then, beyond the rain of light, Cecilus and Arakiya’s gazes met――,

Cecilus: [――Hk.]

Cecilus twisted his neck to evade the thirteenth strand of light released. It grazed his right cheek, with the lower half of his right ear being obliterated; blood evaporated from his frayed neck and shoulder, but he successfully avoided the attack.

He praised the fact she had yet managed to conceal an ace of hers behind the rain of light, and more so concealed it well,

Cecilus: [One step――]

Resuming the count of steps remaining to cover the distance, he kicked the ground with his left foot and ascended into the air.

From there, Cecilus’s lightning-fast sprint closed in on Arakiya in the sky――,

???: [――――]

In an instant, the strands of light he had evaded gave rise to a colorless explosion, and Cecilus’s head was struck with the force of the blast.

△▼△▼△▼△

Cecilus: [――Oya?]

Suddenly, finding himself standing stock-still in an unfamiliar room thrust into twilight, Cecilus tilted his head.

He looked around his surroundings, but it was a place he had no recollection of ever seeing. Cecilus had a reputation of being forgetful, but surprisingly, he would never forget places and things once he had seen them.

No matter the situation or prop, there might eventually be an opportunity to put it to use. The things known as stage effects were also occasionally born from unforeseen ideas.

Cecilus: [So it’s a place that even I’m unaware of. Or rather to begin with the fact that I’m present in this kind of place is really putting my sense of discomfort to work.]

Even though he had no memory of this location, he was not so careless as to forget what he had been doing just before.

In the Imperial Capital filled with undead, begged by a sobbing heroine to kill her, Cecilus had taken offense to that and resolved himself to surpass his past self, and ought to have pulverized Al’s dao.

Cecilus: [It sure seems like I’m escaping from reality because things ended there and I’m worrying over having destroyed Al-san’s dao. As expected, that’s… Woah woah woah.]

If he broke someone else’s possession, even Cecilus would feel pain in his chest. But, all things had a lifespan and a destiny. If the chance came around, there were things that ought not to be fretted about when destroyed. Al’s dao fit into that category. After everything was settled, it would be fine if he relied on Schwartz to reimburse Al.

When such a conclusion was about to be made, a change in the room had been yielded. ――As light from the setting sun shone through the window, the door within the unfamiliar room was opened.

And then――,

???: [Well, it’s quite the nice thing isn’t it, to be summoned even when I have no memory of being called for. Whenever I’m called it’s always because I’m being scolded for something, but I’m not worried about that today!]

Cecilus: [――Hahaa, I see.]

While giving a cackling laugh, the one who entered the room with light steps was a blue-haired, slender young man―― clad in a pink kimono , the person wearing zori was someone Cecilus had never seen before, but he could guess who it was.

With long limbs, and a refined appearance that still contained a soft impression, there were many common features to his own which he checked in the mirror every day, so there was no longer even the slightest room for doubt.

Cecilus: [It’s the adult me. Which would mean these are the memories of the Before me?]

Ascertaining the existence of his past self―― of “Cecilus”, Cecilus surmised the situation.

Since the topic of the Blue Lightning had spread to so many people, it was unreasonable to suspect that he had not existed, but actually seeing the big version of himself like this was quite moving.

Since he was aspiring to surpass himself, this “Cecilus” should have been someone like a rival to him, but――,

Cecilus: [Hm hm, isn’t this great! The way I grew up was quite ideal indeed! The flowery beauty is fully intact while sex appeal has risen and the handsomeness has gone through the roof!]

Witnessing the figure of “Cecilus” before him, he was utterly enchanted by how big of a deal it was.

Since his frame of mind was likely the same as that of the current Cecilus, maintaining the spirit of being the leading actor of this world, it was only natural that he had kept his mind and body in tip-top condition.

That such a way of thinking had been diligently put into practice, was in itself a very welcome sentiment.

Cecilus: [Let’s see. Although it may be nice to be presented with a grown version of myself like this I can’t get a read on the next development. Perhaps in order to actualize the idea of me surpassing myself I’ve been plunged into a sword battle against the former me? But, considering that it seems like this me can’t be seen by that me…]

Containing his excitement, Cecilus shifted doubt upon the current situation once again.

Even when a hand was waved right in front of his eyes, “Cecilus” did not notice the presence of Cecilus here. If he could not interfere with this scene, then just what was the meaning to be had here?

The answer to that would be clearly exhibited with the progression of the situation.

???: [――Whether it is scolding or not, I think depends on whether you have self-awareness in the given case, but is it not premature to be relieved simply because you haven’t a cluuue?]

Subsequently, the voice heard was from the person who had entered the room a bit after “Cecilus”.

That person closed the door with a hand behind their back, and glancing towards “Cecilus”, who had entered before him, he narrowed his long-slitted eyes.

What a terribly odd appearance that person had.

With long, white hair framing a white face, a form that was white throughout its entirety, even to its clothing and equipped tactical fan, the figure that was slimmer and taller than even “Cecilus” looked like a shady goblin that would show up in a picture book.

From that appearance, Cecilus received an impact that was truly to his liking.

“Cecilus”: [Unh. By saying that, do you mean that I just didn’t realize and it actually is a scolding after all? In that case I really messed up by entering the room first. I’ll burst through the window and rush up the wall to escape, Chisha.]

Chisha: [That would stir up the soldiers of the Palace so I would prefer if you refrained from such eccentricities. For the time being, it truly is not a scolding today. You do not have to be so on guard.]

“Cecilus”: [Please now, don’t frighten me like that. Jeez, Chisha really is bad with people. No matter how many years pass, that aspect sure doesn’t change.]

Chisha: [――. Indeed, though it is unusual, I am in agreemeeent.]

That white personage was called Chisha in an easygoing manner by “Cecilus”.

In that case, the man’s name was probably Chisha, and “Cecilus” was quite close with him. Currently, Cecilus had no acquaintance with Chisha, but he could tell from their interaction that they had known each other for a period of years. He also understood that it was no small number of years from “Cecilus’s” remarks.

Cecilus: [Hm.]

The age of “Cecilus” seemed to be around twenty, with a margin for error of around one or two years. That meant there was a gap of around ten years with Cecilus’s current state, so he surmised that his relationship with Chisha had began during that time.

Considering how Cecilus’s name of the Blue Lightning had spread, ten years felt like quite a reasonable timeline. ――In other words, there was a high possibility that the scene of the past that Cecilus was watching was within one or two years of the present.

Grasping that, Cecilus progressed his thoughts further, and cocked his head at the same time.

It was natural to get caught up on this, but the reason why this past could be seen, and why he was seeing this past―― regardless of the latter, he could generally comprehend the former.

Cecilus: [Supposing it’s true that I was shrunk then I think the memories from before I became small were just sealed away and didn’t actually disappear or anything.]

Since he had no memory of the time he was shrunk, he did not really understand the mechanism behind the shrinking, but it should not have been able to entirely erase ten of the years Cecilus had lived. Even so, the reason he could not remember the memories from those ten years, was none other than because his body and mind mutually influenced each other.

Just as how Cecilus’s body would be able to implement whatever he believed possible, his mind would have no choice but to regress in tandem if his body had certifiably shrunk. ――It was probably something like that.

Therefore, Cecilus thought that his memories themselves had merely been dormant, while actually having been inside of himself this whole time. Since he thought so, there was no issue with the fact in itself that they could be seen.

The issue was, as before, the reason why he was seeing them.

Cecilus: […This seems like the memory of the time I got shrunk.]

Indeed, the reason why Cecilus had muttered that with a bitter look on his face, was because he had hit upon an unpleasant possibility.

Cecilus had never experienced it for himself, but when people were on the verge of death, it seemed like they would seek a method to escape the approaching doom before them, and would trace back through the memories of their life. It was a function of searching for an idea to refuse Death amidst the life they had accumulated up until then.

Thus, the reason for Cecilus’s bitter-faced answer, was undoubtedly the suspicion that this scene before his eyes might have been a spark from Cecilus’s lifetime in order to save his life.

In other words, if this was as Cecilus suspected, and was the memory from the time he had been shrunk, then could it have been a scene where the opposite was also true?

Cecilus: [Isn’t this something like seeing the place where I was shrunk, and then gaining a hint for the method of returning to my original form, and breaking the deadlock of the situation? Isn’t that like really really lame?]

Despite declaring that he would surpass himself, having stepped towards the heroine with the resolve to die as she spilled tears, and Al having provided the greatest assist that went above and beyond his minor role, he would fail to carry out his original intention.

As such an answer for his own failure lay before his eyes, Cecilus had unpleasant feelings in the depths of his heart.

Cecilus: [Don’t like it, I don’t like it, I don’t like it one bit!]

Throwing himself down onto the floor of the room, he rambunctiously threw a tantrum and flailed his limbs around. But, Cecilus’s reluctance did not put a stop to the conversation between “Cecilus” and Chisha.

Leaving Cecilus behind as he sprawled himself out on the floor, the two people continued with their discussion.

“Cecilus”: [You’re making a somewhat complex expression, Chisha.]

Chisha: [――. My goodness, even though you usually do not pay much mind to the countenances of others, you are only ever sharp at times like these; that is the reason I find you to be troublesooome.]

“Cecilus”: [Hahaha, you sure are saying some funny things. I do regularly look at the faces of people in my surroundings. It’s just that most of the time I just look at them and then ignore it without touching on the subject!]

Chisha: [Then, for what reason have you touched upon it today?]

“Cecilus”: [Why wouldn’t I be worried if my friend is tired? I think it’s a rather normal thing.]

Chisha: [It is ridiculous to hear a word such as “normal” coming from your mouth.]

With a face on which not even a hint of a smile emerged, Chisha replied so, to which “Cecilus” pouted his lips.

At that state, Cecilus, unable to interfere with the memory, gave up on his whining and looked up while sitting cross-legged. A friend, the fact that he said that word and the fact that he had one, were the height of surprise.

Even if Schwartz and Tanza, Gustav and the Pleiades Battalion were his allies, they were not his friends or family. To think that he would have a friend.

However, leaving aside Cecilus’s deep emotions, Chisha suddenly gave a distant look, and while calling “Cecilus’s” name,

Chisha: [Supposing the views of myself and His Excellency ran in opposition to each other, just how do you think events would play ouuut?]

“Cecilus”: [If His Excellency and Chisha did? If you can talk it out then you should talk it out, but if there’s no use in talking it out then wouldn’t the only option be to have a showdown?]

Chisha: [When the time for that showdown comes, how would you proceed?]

“Cecilus”: [Naturally I’d be His Excellency’s ally. That goes without saying, doesn’t it?]

Without reserve, without fervor, “Cecilus” plainly answered with a tone of voice unaltered. Then, hopping up and sitting his bum down on the desk in the inner part of the room, he suspended his legs and looked at Chisha.

Resting his chin in his hands, “Cecilus” closed one of his blue eyes, and,

“Cecilus”: [A roundabout and enigmatic hypothetical story… By some chance, is Chisha perhaps plotting something?]

Chisha: [I suppose that is sooo… It is absolutely necessary to prepare for a large, large battle.]

Cecilus: [――A large battle.] “Cecilus”: [――A large battle.]

Reacting to Chisha’s statement, both the past and the present Cecilus overlapped in their remarks.

It was a matter that “Cecilus” seemed to not have a clue about, and Cecilus did not know Chisha well enough to declare that it was in reference to the current happenings. At those words, Chisha joined his hands together behind his back and, walking up to the window,

Chisha: [It is a battle we must win no matter the cost. However, in regards to that great battle, His Excellency and I are of differing opinions. Even from the establishment of victory conditions, my view does not align with His Excellency’s. I have found no room for us to come to a common ground.]

“Cecilus”: [It’s quite rare for Chisha to act independently from His Excellency. Or rather than rare, wouldn’t this be the first time?]

Chisha: [I do not think that is sooo. I do often convey my own opinions to His Excellency…]

“Cecilus”: [That’s right. So, this is the first time Chisha is giving up on trying to persuade His Excellency.]

Chisha: [――――]

Gazing at the scenery outside the window, Chisha kept silent, and behind him, “Cecilus” turned his head around. The fact that Chisha did not reply, likely meant that “Cecilus’s” point had hit the mark.

They had known each other a long time, but that was entirely why Vincent always made unreasonable requests of Chisha. His fame as the wisest Emperor since the genesis of the Empire had been built atop Chisha’s blood, sweat, and tears.

Cecilus: […Hmm.]

Upon thinking thus, Cecilus got the feeling that he really knew Chisha well. In regards to His Excellency, who came up quite frequently in conversation, too, a vague face came to mind. For some reason, it was a face with wrinkles on its brow. The face was a haze, but the wrinkles on the brow were distinctive, and seemed to be the essence of the face.

He was not in a mental state where he could really welcome that sensation, however, Cecilus had a surge of interest in the conversation between “Cecilus” and Chisha, and he wished to see its developments through.

Chisha was acting independently from His Excellency―― from Vincent. And from there.

Chisha: [I have no intention of clashing opinions with His Excellency on this matter. It is an absolute condition that His Excellency harbors not even a smidgen of doubt. And for that purpose…]

“Cecilus”: [――I guess I’m in the way?]

Quietly, yet slightly cheerfully, “Cecilus” posed a question to Chisha’s back. Receiving it, Chisha turned around without uttering a word, and narrowed his eyes while his white body was dyed orange by the setting sun.

Yet again he did not deny. The lack of words, the silence, was proof of affirmation.

“Cecilus”: [If His Excellency and Chisha oppose each other with opinions divided then I’ll follow His Excellency no matter what. That is a major prerequisite for myself and my unyielding vow of the sword.]

Chisha: [Indeed, I accept that your answer is so. At the same time, if you stand on His Excellency’s side, then my prospects for victory are essentially nonexistent. Even were I to have Arakiya or General First-Class Olbart… No, even were I to have all of the Nine Divine Generals other than you on my side, it would likely be no match for you.]

“Cecilus”: [Ho-ho-ho-ho, now that is quite the captivating story. I’ve actually been thinking this since long ago. Even though the Nine Divine Generals are the Empire’s strongest army corps, isn’t nine too many people?]

Cecilus: [I think so too.]

Even if they were to cut four or five members, something like the Five Great Summits or the Four Heavenly Kings would not be too shabby.

Cecilus had such a perception, and “Cecilus” was in the process of gradually heightening his fighting spirit. Basking directly in the gazes of the two Ceciluses, Chisha’s expression did not crumble.

Whenever Chisha made a face like this, caution was required, as he would have some sort of unthinkable plan.

Chisha: [Unfortunately, it is not as though I have actually persuaded the Nine Divine Generals.]

“Cecilus”: [Oh is that so? Well but that’s how it is isn’t it? There’s no way Goz-san and Moguro would betray His Excellency. But in that case what are you gonna do?]

Chisha: [――――]

“Cecilus”: [Chisha’s not gonna give up there. That’s the kind of face you’re making, you know?]

A nostalgic emotion simmered up within him, but it was pushed back for later by “Cecilus’s” reaction. As “Cecilus” leaned his bum against the desk, he kept watch over Chisha’s every move.

No matter how Chisha tried to move, he could take complete control. But, that was something Chisha was knowledgeable of.

Well now, just what would he try to do? Just how would he get the better of this “Cecilus Segmunt”, and shrink him into the current form of a small child?

Chisha: [Cecilus, I shall remove you from the board. As His Excellency and I engage in a bout of reading the other’s every move, no stage shall be prepared for you to make your appearance. There is another role that shall be arranged for you.]

“Cecilus”: [Even if you say that to me, I can’t just give an answer in good spirits like “Ah yes that is indeed so”. On the other hand, since you can’t remove me through force, are you going to use the power of words? As I’m sure Chisha is aware, I’m the General with the least ability to listen in the Empire.]

Saying that, he got off the desk and landed on the ground, and spinning around like he was dancing, “Cecilus” faced Chisha head-on. Chisha’s figure was dazzling as he stood amidst the setting sun, and “Cecilus” tilted his body forward, looking up at him with upturned eyes.

It was a relationship spanning a long time, one in which they mutually had full knowledge of the other’s good and bad aspects, and looking into the expression of such a friend, “Cecilus” smiled.

Smiling, he provoked Chisha to bring out the likes of the plan that he had prepared up his sleeve.

“Cecilus”: [Let’s see, what kind of words, views, or reasoning will you use to convince me? This will be quite the tough challenge, even for the wise man who is second only to His Excellency, Chisha Gold.]

At that cheap provocation from “Cecilus”, Chisha closed his eyes, and let a beat pass.

Then, opening those eyes, and with “Cecilus” reflected in them,

Chisha: [Cecilus. ――Please, I entrust His Excellency to you.]

――.

――――.

――――――――.

――Neither was it carelessness, nor was it persuasion; the fact that it was an entreaty, filled him with awe.

“Cecilus”: [――. This isn’t fair.]

Cecilus: [―― PERFECT !!]

△▼△▼△▼△

The impression of his red blood spraying out, strongly overlapped with that of the red sunset within his memories.

With the evening glow upon his back, Chisha Gold had defeated Cecilus inside his office. Neither had he been caught in a moment of vulnerability, nor had he earnestly been persuaded by the benefits; he had been entrusted.

That was the reason why “Cecilus Segmunt” had become Cecilus Segmunt.

Cecilus: [――Hk.]

As a scorching heat assailed his senses, Cecilus’s consciousness returned to reality.

The pain to his head and half of his body, was the result of being caught in the explosion of the light belt he ought to have averted; the time in which his consciousness had disappeared into the twilight of that day had been less than a half of a half of a half of a second.

But, that stagnation was more than enough for the heroine ―― for Arakiya, who was blocking the way.

Arakiya: [――――]

The dao that had crumbled within his hand, the full might of its blow ought to have erased the belts of light, but having been reconstructed through Arakiya’s power, five, six of them were restored.

Even she would not have been able to instantly regain the power lost from that attack. The Magic Crystal wings that had been upon her back had fissured, and amidst the sparkling fragments as they scattered about, Arakiya was present.

In the depths of that slender body, was it the Stone, Muspel, whom she had devoured?

To turn her fangs against the very land of the Vollachian Empire, he was surprised by her indiscriminate nature. Something like that, not even Cecilus would think after having seen those tears.

Having heard her utterance, he could not ridicule her with his usual tone.

Cecilus: [But, since it was made with that kind of face, I’m going to have to decline your request.]

If she had wanted to inform Cecilus of her request no matter what, she should have at least given her best smile. If she had made such a choice with no regrets and no falsehoods, and had told him with a smile on her face, then Cecilus would also have received it in earnest.

Just like that helpless friend, who, with a smile, had ordered Cecilus to shrink.

Cecilus: [Ahh, so that’s what it was?]

Even now, Cecilus’s limbs were short, and his resuscitated memories were still only fragments of what had been lying dormant.

He did not know how to return his shrunken body to its original form. The memory had ended before he could recall what concrete method Chisha had employed, and with that, the objective of the remembrance had been fulfilled.

There was a phenomenon where people faced with death would search through their memories for a way to break the deadlock. What had just happened was an unmistakable instance of that. Only, the answer of how to break through the deadlock was different to what he had anticipated.

At the end of that recollection, Cecilus had thought that he would learn the method of how to return his body to that of an adult. But, it had not been so. That it had not been so, delighted him.

People faced with death would search through their memories for a way to break the deadlock.

He had seen that face of Chisha’s, and heard his request. ――For Cecilus Segmunt, that was more than enough of a basis to believe that he could defy death.

Cecilus: [In the first place, there’s no way I’d lose.]

He had confidence and pride in plenty, however, that was not to say that his strength was his sole basis for this.

By Cecilus’s own philosophy, there was an answer as to why he would not lose against Arakiya here.

The reason was because in this place――,

Cecilus: [―― Boss isn’t present. If I happened to die here, he’d break our promise without batting an eyelid, and come rushing over.]

Spilling that out, Cecilus gave a bitter smile with his blood-stained good looks.

That was the kind of boy Natsuki Schwartz was. Having departed from the Gladiator Island, in the midst of the eastward expedition of the Pleiades Battalion, Cecilus and Schwartz had exchanged a promise under the moon.

That was, Schwartz would not use the power of his miraculous “True Sight” to save Cecilus.

It was a promise formed with mutual respect for one another, but Cecilus knew. If push came to shove, Schwartz would break his promise without batting an eye. Cecilus himself would do so too. He was the same type as Schwartz.

That was why, he knew.

Were he to see Cecilus die with his “True Sight”, Schwartz would have come rushing here no matter what.

That had not happened. To put it in other words, that was faith from Schwartz.

And, that same thing was something that Cecilus directed towards Schwartz.

Cecilus: [――――]

Towards Cecilus, who had gained an illogical conviction, six belts of light furiously flickered in approach.

While already airborne, yielding a subsequent movement would be difficult, and thus Cecilus would not be able to dodge. But, even if he did not dodge, there was something he could do. That, was the trump card he had brought back from the momentary daydream.

――In Cecilus’s hand, having lost the dao, the hilt of another blade was gripped.

Cecilus: [――Masayume.]

Its inscription called out, the pattern on the blade of the Enchanted Sword shook like a rippling wave. It was a blade belonging to Cecilus Segmunt which possessed incredible power, the Dream Sword Masayume.

Much to the lament of Rowan, who was unaware of its whereabouts, it was a supernatural sword permitted to cut things beyond the logic of this world, in a similar manner to the Fiend Sword Murasame.

It had been lost together with Cecilus’s memories, so no wonder everybody had racked their brains over its whereabouts.

The Yang Sword Vollachia used the sky as its sheath. Thus, the Dream Sword Masayume used dreams as its sheath. ――Ergo, Cecilus had borrowed Masayume from the waist of “Cecilus” within the daydream.

As Masayume pulsated within his hand, it recognized the short Cecilus as its owner. Things would not have gone this easily with Murasame. He was thankful for this fortuitous encounter here.

With his gratitude received, the blade flashed―― the six approaching belts of light were slain, and conquered.

Cecilus: [I’m aiming for――]

Arakiya―― the center of her chest, at the large mass of power dwelling therein.

He would exorcize it. Never had he done so before. But, believing that he could, he would bring it to fruition. Such power existed within Cecilus. Masayume was reliable. Al was also present as an eyewitness. He would not fail, thus he fired himself up.

What remained――,

Cecilus: [Dreams are meant to be seen when you’re awake, they’re meant to enchant you, Anya.]

As he spoke so, Cecilus looked into Arakiya’s eyes during his stretched-out super speed. With tears of blood flowing from her left eye bereft of light, the emotions on the beautiful girl’s face were harder to read than usual.

Within her deeply emotional right eye, which he had grown accustomed to seeing, a visible blue flame had emerged――.

Cecilus: [――The person whom you treasure dearly, is someone who treasures you dearly too.]

Tenderly spinning those words, a flash unleashed by Thunder put an end to her nightmare.

In a manner as if to prove that dreams were something that the leading actor, standing atop the stage, would enchant the audience with.

――That was the answer given by Cecilus Segmunt, in response to the heroine’s entreaty.

Translation Note:

[1] – Tenchi Shimei (天地神明) is a Japanese phrase meaning “the Gods of Heaven and Earth”. In expressions where they are sworn upon, it conveys a sense of reverence and commitment.

--- Chapter 58: Proof of Existence ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Going behind a guard who was keeping watch, he struck the pressure points that ran along the central meridian of their body.

Guard: [――――]

That instant, the posture of the opponent was broken, and they collapsed without raising their voice. The reason why he had propped up the body as it collapsed was not out of consideration, but rather because it would have caused problems had the sound of armor striking the ground rung out.

???: [Good grief, it’s darn tirin’ for an old fella like me ta carry a large man with a single hand. ――Even tho’ their insides are hollow, they got some firm weight ta ‘em which makes it annoyin’.]

Saying that, the white-haired, white-eyebrowed old man―― Olbart, carried the collapsed enemy with his lone left arm, using the tips of his toes to give a light strike to the defensive wall beside. As he did so, the surface of the wall rippled as if it were water, and stuffing the enemy’s body inside, it was swallowed, after which the wall’s surface filled back in.

Fortunately, it seemed like the undead were able to go without breathing, so he could bury them in the walls to settle things without having to kill.

As their hearts did not beat, neither did blood flow. Even supposing he did kill them, sweeping the fragments away with a broom would do the trick; fortunately, dealing with the cleanup was easy.

Olbart: [But, everythin’ other than that aspect ain’t good in the slightest. When ya kill ‘em, there’re some that got the damn nerve ta get up right after they die, so recklessly killin’ ‘em’ll just make it more troublesome.]

Among the special traits of the opposing undead, the thing Olbart viewed as the most dangerous was the revival of defeated enemies.

When faced with enemies that would continue to be resurrected, no matter how many times they were defeated, even Imperial Soldiers, overflowing with fighting spirit, would fall into despondency―― Olbart’s reason was nothing of the like, his issue was that the undead that were killed and resurrected would inherit the memories from before they were killed, rather.

Through such means, the opponent could use replaceable lives in exchange for instantaneous sharing of all sorts of information.

Olbart, the head honcho of the shinobi , was more than aware of how important it was to have accurate and recent information within warfare. It was to the extent that the enemies Olbart had killed the most within his lifetime were either scouts or messengers.

Killing was done to prevent the transmission of information, in the first place. So the fact that there was the danger that information would be transmitted even if they were killed, was nothing short of absurd.

Olbart: [Well, shinobi techniques’ve also got somethin’ that makes ya self-destruct upon death, sendin’ information through the color of its smoke, so we’re in the same boat, the same boat, I tell ya.]

Even though angering others was the principal domain of the shinobi , with this, they would surely go out of business.

Through the investigation carried out amidst the combat to push back the enemy forces during the evacuation from the Imperial Capital, it had been discovered that the undead possessed a vital point known as a “Corebug”, and that seemed to be the source of their resurrection. There were also some undead that could regenerate even if their heads were sent flying, but that would occur because their Corebug had not been destroyed.

In the end, the source of the Corebugs’ power was the Great Spirit known as the Stone, so even if the undead were fully killed down to their Corebugs, it would cause Muspel to lose strength, making it unable to support the vast lands of the Empire.

Therefore, Olbart was thoroughly putting in effort to enforce the policy of “not killing” the undead.

By precisely striking the weak spots of the human body that were known as pressure points, the body could be robbed of its freedom, becoming powerless like the undead that had been buried in the wall earlier. In that manner, the undead stuffed into the wall by Olbart numbered about fifty―― he was relieved that their pressure points still functioned as weak spots, even though the construction and interior of their bodies were a sham.

But then again, considering the enormous numbers of undead, this resistance was naught more than meager.

Olbart: [For the imperial citizens, who specialize in the subject of killin’ or bein’ killed, ain’t it awfully harsh ta tell ‘em not ta die and not ta kill?]

That was an opinion that the allied troops from the Kingdom and the City-States, who were engaged in a cooperative relationship in order to save the Empire, would frown upon were they to hear it, but it was an opinion that relatively many of the Empire’s peoples would likely agree with.

As a result, with the enemy spearheading the Great Disaster being the worst possible matchup for the Vollachian Empire, they were engaged in a defensive battle with the absolute condition of not killing. ――No, it was not “as a result”.

Olbart: [It’s a bad habit of old folk ta always imagine the worst. An opponent who’s got the nerve ta use all the blood the soil of the Empire’s been soaked on ’til now… They’re totally targetin’ our weakness.]

A battlefield where soldiers of yore were revived one after another, it was an environment that had come into being due to the fact that Vollachia was a place where conflict never petered out.

Considering that it likely would not have amounted to such a disaster in any of the other countries even under the same conditions, the enemy had hence taken the most suitable measures in order to conquer Vollachia.

That was why, this side also had to understand that this was a board that must not be misread.

Olbart: [――――]

Narrowing the eyes concealed by his white eyebrows, Olbart held his breath in the Crystal Palace, which he was in the midst of infiltrating by his lonesome.

Invisibility that eliminated one’s presence as much as possible, it was something that lived up to the name of the shinobi’s head honcho―― having his presence be seized was a must-not, and that included that he’d had to go unnoticed while picking off the guards he did.

Were his presence to be detected, thereby including him as a target of the Curse of Thorns, Olbart would be made powerless. He was weak to pain. The mere thought of thorns stabbing into his heart made him want to toss in his sleep.

In order to avoid that, Olbart had been taking the utmost care in his movements.

――Invading the Imperial Capital with a select few, they would quickly defeat the ringleader of the enemy.

This was the plan being employed in the final stage of the war against the Great Disaster, and while it was a given for Vincent, Olbart also deemed it as the best possible method without any objections.

The numbers of the undead exceeded the count of Imperial Soldiers, and even if they engaged in a war of attrition, the lifeforce of the Stone would be depleted, and the lifespan of the Empire would diminish; that was how thoroughly they had been backed into a corner.

The fact that they had no choice but to hasten to a conclusion, was something that was utterly obvious to anybody’s eyes.

Olbart: [Naturally, the opponent’s also gonna be anticipatin’ that.]

However, if no other option existed, then there would be no choice but to take that one, even supposing opponent was indeed aware. What remained was how many things they had in their hand, of which their tactics were already exposed, that could defy their opponent’s expectations.

Therefore, the select few were divided even further, and several decoys to attract the enemy’s attention had been prepared.

While those decoys were active, Olbart only had to fulfill the duties assigned to him.

――Olbart’s role was to infiltrate the Crystal Palace, and bring back intelligence regarding the uncertain interior of the Palace.

Of especially high importance were the whereabouts of the ringleader of the Great Disaster, the one known as Sphinx, and the liberation of the Steelman, Moguro Hagane, whose movements had likely been sealed within the Palace. Additionally, in the case he were to possess some leeway, there was the retrieval of Cecilus’s beloved katanas , the Dream Sword and the Fiend Sword.

Olbart: [Tho’, I prolly won’t be able ta find Ceci’s katanas . The Fiend Sword tends ta run away, and I ain’t got any way of knowin’ where the Dream Sword’s been stored.]

Cecilus was always eager to babble on about anything, but even though he would talk about how incredible his beloved katanas were, he was not so foolish as to blather on about their special qualities. He would probably give an answer if questioned, but to inquire about an opponent’s hand was tantamount to inviting suspicion that one had a reason to do so.

Olbart had not been so foolish as to carelessly provoke Cecilus.

Anyhow, due to the improbability, Olbart put off the retrieval of the katanas for later.

Ideally, he would grasp Sphinx’s location, and secure her body. If he could do so, then through the power of that commendable boy who, though in a shrunken state, did not want to return to normal―― Schwartz, and the girl he brought along, then the undead could be entirely wiped out, down to their souls.

Being able to implement that would be the most desirable conclusion in this battle against the Great Disaster.

However, that would not be an easy feat.

Olbart: [――Good grief, this one’s another dead end.]

Contrary to his desire for a swift conclusion, Olbart’s feet often came to a halt.

Being able to perfectly grasp a scene simply by looking at a map, and absolutely never forgetting a location upon a single visit, were fundamental skills of the shinobi, and for Olbart, the Crystal Palace was a place of work that he visited frequently.

In spite of that, the reason why Olbart’s search was not progressing favorably was because the interior of the Crystal Palace, which he ought to have been familiar with, had been completely reshaped from that which Olbart knew.

Olbart: [Even tho’ this kinda perplexity’s originally meant ta be our speciality.]

Though Olbart did not think there was any value in it, the Crystal Palace was a building known for being the world’s most beautiful castle. Due to the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, a part of its wall had been destroyed, but even so, there was no large impact had been done to its outward appearance when viewed from a distance.

However, the interior of the Palace was an incredibly different story.

Various aspects such as the construction of passageways, the positioning of rooms, and the size of doors had been altered, and it had been transformed into an entirely different palace, such that even Vincent, who had once lived here in the Crystal Palace, would become lost.

The lack of change to its exterior was guaranteed to bewilder any who would charge in without a plan.

Even if he returned with just this information, there would have been more than enough meaning in Olbart’s preceding infiltration. Or perhaps Schwartz, who was serving the role of strategist, had already hypothesized this situation.

If that were the case, his power of insight was promising, but at the same time, it was a future threat.

There were none who knew how the Kingdom and the City-States, which were currently in a cooperative relationship with the Empire, would deal with the latter after the Great Disaster of the undead was stopped.

For when that time would come about, Chisha would no longer be by Vincent’s side.

Olbart: [――However, ya really went n’ pulled that off, Chesshy.]

The flames of war, the winds of blood, and the atmosphere of Death that was persistently fragrant from both the living and the dead.

For those reasons, his heart had naught the time to mourn, but Olbart appraised Chisha for having stolen his technique through his Noh, and furthermore, for having replaced Vincent without Olbart having noticed.

Olbart enjoyed stealing the techniques of others, but he was not fond of being stolen from himself.

After all, growth was a privilege of the young. Even if they did not steal, there were unlimited possibilities for what they could produce by their own hands. Conversely, the old had no such room for growth. That was why Olbart was not fond of being stolen from.

What would happen if, instead of producing something new, young people stole, and then yearned for more?

Would it not be that this world would cease to produce new things, thereby causing Olbart to run out of things to steal?

Olbart: [That bastard Chesshy got some damn nerve ta act so cunningly. ――Tho’ it ain’t like I don’t understand how he was feelin’.]

Within a limited frame of time, Chisha had desired the best possible outcome.

In other words, Chisha and Olbart had possessed the same choice. Olbart was an old man who was nearing the end of his rope, and Chisha was a dead soldier who had established an opportunity to meet the end of his rope before long.

Hence, it was a matter of not having selected the means that would have increased the cards in one’s hand.

Having entered the bout with limited cards in his hand, Chisha had seized victory in this situation.

――This situation, in which Vincent had been kept alive, and Olbart had been enlisted as an ally.

Olbart: [――――]

――Olbart Dunkelkenn had an ambition.

It was the final goal of his life, to leave his name in the history of the Empire, in a form with which none other could compare; to engrave, to prove that the being known as himself had indeed existed as an individual life.

Olbart had been received as a shinobi , had been raised as a shinobi , had lived as a shinobi .

In a role where many would use and discard their lives, where it was natural to be unable to achieve a long life, Olbart had lived to a point where the age of one-hundred was now close at hand. But, in his long life as an imperial citizen, as a shinobi , Olbart had spent the greater part of his days fulfilling the objectives of others.

That could have been called the destiny of the shinobi way of life, but Olbart had lived exceptionally long among the shinobi . ――In that case, then it would have also been fine for his end to be unbecoming of a shinobi.

If it was typical for a shinobi to silently disappear into the darkness of history without leaving their name behind, then would it not be fine for Olbart to purposely aim for the complete opposite of that?

Therefore, Olbart had vigilantly awaited such an opportunity.

In order to bloom at the end of his life, he had thought that the most effective measure would have been to take the head of the Wise Emperor, Vincent Vollachia, but――,

Olbart: [If the opponent happens ta be ruin itself, then there ain’t no point in betrayal.]

The opponent was the Great Disaster―― the hosts of undead, and because their objective was the total annihilation of the Vollachian Empire, Olbart’s scheme was nothing more than a transient, brittle thing that would crumble away.

Olbart wanted to leave his name in the history of the Empire.

If that Empire were to be destroyed, then no matter what, Olbart’s wish would not be granted. Therefore, Olbart had to take off his hat to Chisha’s acting, which had not hastened him until the current situation.

Olbart: [Tho’ after these hijinks’re done and settled, it’d be nice if there’s still room for myself ta do somethin’. My lifespan’s gonna imprudently run out before I know it.]

After the war, when the exhausted Empire would be in the midst of reconstruction, he would augustly murder the Emperor before the Kingdom or the City-States could make a move―― it was not as though he did not have such thoughts, but he would not feel comfortable doing so, since he could not help but feel like he would be taking advantage of the Great Disaster.

Regrettably, unable to find an ideal opportunity, Olbart concealed his ambition, as it would have been overly optimistic so long as the Great Disaster remained undefeated, and he faced forward. ――Ahead of Olbart’s vision was the large door that would have connected to the place that was the audience chamber in the original palace.

Olbart: [――――]

Within Olbart’s mind, as he remained silent, there were two conflicting senses that arose.

The sensation that he ought not go beyond this door, and the sensation that he ought to go beyond this door―― the former was rooted in his instincts, while the latter was based on his intuition developed over his long time as a shinobi .

Normally, Olbart’s judgment would not have budged from the former option. However, Olbart’s intuition was speaking to him. Beyond this door, was undoubtedly the meaning in Olbart’s infiltration.

He did not know whether it was Sphinx, Moguro, the katanas , or something entirely different, but――,

Olbart: […Havin’ stretched out my years, an old man without much time left can’t die without gettin’ the opportunity ta overthrow the state, good grief.]

Spilling that out in a hoarse voice, Olbart decided on whether he would advance or retreat.

If this was the location of the audience chamber, it should have been possible for him to examine its state through the hole in the wall without having to go through the door; so going through the window of the corridor, Olbart traveled along the outer wall to arrive at his destination.

Without having opened the door, he peered into the room――,

Olbart: [――Oioi, not even I’d go this far.]

Within the completely altered hall, upon seeing the fruit of the Witch’s labor, the head honcho of the shinobi, known as the Vicious Old Man, muttered so, unable to hide his discomfort.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The soul of that thing , had already lost sight of its original way of being, having been ripped to shreds.

Called down to the surface via unorthodox means, pitiful souls were held prisoner, made to kneel in order to destroy the Empire that they ought to be subjects of; such was the situation that the undead had been placed in.

More or less, a process had been applied to alter the mental structure of the undead to differ from what it was during their lifetime. If not for that, the resurrected dead would likely not all assist in the destruction of the Empire.

The degree to which that process had been applied varied from case-to-case, but there was a danger that, inverse to the large load being imposed upon the original form and nature in order to make them loyal to orders, they would become unable to perform at their original strength.

Therefore, it was customary for the caster to want to lighten the load in proportion to how strong any given individual was during their lifetime.

In reality, capable individuals such as the Emperor of the Briar and the Magical Sharpshooter would experience a considerable decline in strength due to the load on their minds, so the Witch had shifted gears to allow them some of their free will in order to maintain their strength.

Were she to have made these powerful individuals into subservient puppets, they would likely be exposed to the disgrace of being unable to display even half of their true strength.

In any case, excluding such exceptionally strong individuals, and Lamia Godwin, who had displayed the will to take initiative in cooperating with the Witch, the souls of the undead were cruelly being toyed with.

During their lifetime, no matter what they might have wished for, no matter how noble of a warrior they might have been, no matter what it was that they had cherished, they were all being used in a way that trampled over all of that.

Thus, they were forced to move as the vanguard of the disaster that was bringing destruction to the Empire.

That thing , too, was no exception amongst them.

Dispossessed of their free will, becoming a being used and discarded as tools for the sake of battle, their soul would be called down again even were they to repeatedly taste Death, their earthen vessels revived with a new anchor.

Alas, that thing perfectly aligned with the conditions the Witch had established for undead fabrication.

With moderately high competency, being more than a little obsessed with battle, without any impediment to its strength upon being made into a subservient puppet, it had vehement regret and hatred scorched into it during its final moments――.

For that reason, it ferociously rampaged in a ceaseless discharge of fury.

Torn to shreds, in a form that stretched out its soul as it was in the process of losing its original form, having forgotten that its body was ever in a humanoid form, it had been transformed into a repulsive, grotesque form.

Even if its appearance had completely changed, with large, long arms, an exceedingly increased number of legs, and a flimsy torso of skin and bone, it could not escape the situation of being used by the Witch.

Even after being killed over and over, its soul would stretch larger, and it would be revived as another monster.

In order to put an end to that, there was no choice but to fulfill the Witch’s desires. To grant the Witch’s wish, there was no choice but to scorch the Empire to naught as a harbinger of the Great Disaster.

At present, having transformed into an unthinkable appearance, that was the wish of that thing . That was its only desire.

That was its only, that was its, that was, that, desire was, that was its only――.

???: [――The Giant Eye, Izmail.]

――. ――――. ――――――――.

Suddenly, mixed into the sounds of its eerie roar and the fierce battle, that had been audible.

Even though there ought to be many other sounds plunging into its ears, which were no longer in the form of ears, that voice alone had been heard in an awfully clear, strangely firm, and oddly proper manner.

Just what sort of meaning that held, that thing did not know.

It did not――,

???: [Izmail!]

???: [E ea.]

Doubt yielded stagnation in its thoughts, and its many arms and legs that were meant to kill all ceased their movement. As if weaving through that opening, a hand reached out, and touching its thin torso, something was stolen away.

It felt as if something had slipped out.

It was not clear if that had been something important, or if it had been something large. But, the moment that had slipped out, the violent impulses that had filled its body faded away in one fell swoop.

Hollow, it was hollow. Its insides, had become hollow.

The many reasons to rampage that had been forcibly stuffed into it from outside all flowed back out, and as its interior became hollow, the only thing that remained was what had been there since the outset.

That was, its reason for fighting. That could even be called aspiration or ambition.

Its reason for hastily joining the battle, had been for the sake of fighting. The reason it had fought had been in order to leave its name in history. The purpose of that had been for itself to prove that “itself”, the pride of its clan, had existed for certain.

The being known as itself, the Giant Eye, Izmail, the purpose of that――.

Izmail: [Ahhh, has it been granted…]

Within the golden iris that loomed in a single large black eyeball, the face of that man was clearly reflected.

Those handsome features of black hair and almond eyes, without even the slightest waver in the face of a blade that closed in on his life, imposingly stared at him, and called out to the deformed Izmail.

The apex of the Vollachian Empire, had recognized Izmail.

That was――,

Izmail: [――It is the honor of a Sword Wolf, Your Excellency the Emperor.]

△▼△▼△▼△

A blow from the arm adjoined to a battleaxe was held off by Jamal, while the freedom to move about the streets, leveraging the mobility of their multiplied limbs, was restricted by Subaru and Beatrice via the use of magic.

Meanwhile, the many attacks carrying lethal power that were being unleashed were forcibly shot down by the leaping and bouncing Spica, narrowly preventing her companions from injury.

And then――,

Vincent: [――The Giant Eye, Izmail.]

With his sharp gaze fixed on the grotesquely transformed undead, Abel called out his name.

For a moment, Subaru had felt doubtful, but he had decided at the outset that if Abel were to invoke the name of an undead in the Imperial Capital, he would believe it wholeheartedly. In fact, not even once thus far had Abel made a mistake in naming the undead.

Be that as it may――,

Subaru: [Izmail!]

Spica: [E ea.]

In front of their linked hands, Spica thrust forth, swinging around, slamming her palm into the region that seemed to be the chest of the grotesque being called Izmail.

Star Eating, which was neither a punch nor a strike, was invoked, and Subaru and the others held their breath.

Provided the conditions were met, even if his form had deviated from being human, he should meet the same end as the other undead.

As expected, in front of Subaru and the others who were watching with bated breath, Izmail’s huge body slowly shook, and he stared at Abel with his giant, globular golden eye.

And then――,

Izmail: [―― Ah. ]

Leaving final words behind in a soundless voice, all at once, his grotesque, hulking body crumbed to dust.

Jamal: [Ahh, fuck! Unbelievable! What the hell was that monster just now!]

Vincent: [A valiant warrior of the Cyclops Tribe, Izmail, the one called the Giant Eye. It is exactly as I called out at the end.]

Jamal: [The Cyclops Tribe, it ain’t just that they got a single eyeball huh, they gotta be such monsters as well, eh… Oh, pardon me for the tone.]

With the fight against the undead having concluded, Jamal grumbled as he wiped the blood and sweat off of his chin.

The remark from the man, regretful of the coarse language he had used, forgetting the person he was addressing was Abel, was off-the-mark.

The person named Izmail, had not possessed such an appearance in the beginning.

Subaru: [Beako.]

Beatrice: [I know, in fact. That person is a victim of the Sacrament of the Immortal King, I suppose. Because of having been resurrected over and over again, he wasn’t in a proper state, in fact.]

Spica: [Uu, au…]

Beatrice gave a curt jerk of her chin, and Spica looked down at her own palms with a downcast expression. While liberally stroking Spica’s head, Subaru inhaled deeply.

He had also encountered Izmail while escaping with Rem and Flop during the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, but the change in his appearance was so gruesome that it was difficult to look at.

Perhaps because he had been blown up and killed in the dust explosion, or because he had been resurrected again after that death, he had kept getting more and more deformed.

But, even that never-ending hell was sure to have ceased with Spica’s Star Eating.

Subaru: [Still, you were able to know who the person was despite them looking like that.]

Vincent: [Upon being resurrected as an undead, the countenance is affected to some extent. That being the case, the characteristics inherent in each become essential in distinguishing them. That person was an easy-to-understand type.]

Subaru: [Easy-to-understand, huh…]

Only vestiges of a human form had remained; because Subaru had already seen them lose their humanoid form and transform into that grotesque appearance, he could match it with the enemy he had encountered in the midst of the evacuation, but that was not the case for Abel.

Despite that, to be able to make such accurate guesses, rather than having a monstrous memory, it would be more fitting to suspect some kind of foul play.

Vincent: [It is only natural to be cognizant of the powerful beings in the realm. Whether they become enemies or allies, it is always preferable to have a multitude of bases for decision-making.]

However, the words that followed from Abel were not about simply discerning based on physical characteristics, but rather on his evaluation of other aspects of his opponent.

Subaru: [――――]

Upon hearing that, Subaru recalled Izmail’s final moments just before turning to dust.

Although he had hardly uttered anything that resembled words, with their meaning undecipherable, it seemed to carry not resentment or bitterness, but rather a solemn emotion.

Perhaps it was reverence toward the Emperor, who had correctly identified his name.

Either way――,

Subaru: [――Hk, things are getting intense here.]

Subaru murmured, gazing up at the sky, where the incessant rumbling of thunder could be heard.

In Subaru’s field of vision, amidst the cloud-covered sky, he could see mountains of ice breaking through, falling towards the Crystal Palace―― were of Emilia’s creation, which Roswaal had purposed for tactical use.

In the distant sky, were swirling clouds turned into ominous weapons; from another direction, were thunderous roars reverberating; and being minced by the serene strike of a sword, the cityscape’s destruction was visible.

At each bastion, it was evident that Subaru’s instructed conditions were being upheld, with each engaging in fierce battles.

Beatrice: [That blasted Roswaal is putting on quite a show, I suppose. He’s really letting his enthusiasm show too much, in fact.]

Subaru: [When I see that, it reminds me that he’s a pretty dangerous guy. Olbart-san is sneaking into the castle; he won’t crush him, will he?]

Beatrice: [If there’s a need to crush it, then he will, I suppose. That’s the kind of man he is, in fact.]

With a sound akin to the sky splitting, the shattered mountains of ice scattered countless sparkles into the sky.

Roswaal, alongside Medium, confronted the flying dragon rider enemy―― one of the most challenging adversaries to deal with, so there was no choice but to trust in Roswaal’s victory.

Of course, the existence of the Curse of Thorns and the Cloud Dragon also posed insurmountable threats.

Subaru: [All that’s left now is whether Emilia-tan and Tanza can pull through…]

In the midst of the situation in the Imperial Capital, which went beyond being described as fierce battles, Subaru worried about Emilia and Tanza, whose outcomes remained uncertain among the companions he had dispatched throughout the city.

Currently, he believed that he had allocated his forces optimally, but he hadn’t clearly determined Emilia’s placement, making it somewhat ambiguous. However, given the role she had been entrusted with, getting her to work together with Tanza ought to have been the correct decision.

Subaru: [To be honest, when Izmail showed up, I thought we were in big trouble, but…]

The fact that they had managed to restrain the transformed Izmail on their own, without Emilia as part of their forces, was undoubtedly due to the concerted efforts of everyone.

In particular, Jamal’s contribution had been significant, and his performance improved visibly with each passing moment. Perhaps he was leveling up at an incredible pace under such dire circumstances.

That in itself was a welcome development. Jamal was extremely reliable, provided the mental reluctance he had toward his inclusion were to be ignored.

Vincent: [Jamal Aurélie, are you able to proceed?]

Jamal: [Yes! If Your Excellency commands it, I can take on a hundred or even two-hundred more.]

Vincent: [So it seems. You all, too, should strive for everything you have.]

Subaru: [Dammit, acting all high and mighty just because you’re doing a job that no one else can.]

Swearing at Abel, who did not participate in the fight and was the only one who looked cool, Subaru then observed Beatrice and Spica.

It was a series of tightrope walks, but battling the undead was always an all-out war of the forces they had against them. As long as the expectation was to proceed with caution, it would not be wise to move forward with someone falling behind.

Beatrice: [Betty has no problem , I suppose.]

Spica: [Aau!]

In response to Subaru’s glance of confirmation, the two nodded back resolutely. At this rate, Subaru was perhaps the one they ought to be most concerned about in physical terms.

However, since Subaru was still connected to the Pleiades Battalion, it was clear that Abel was the one to be most concerned about regarding physical safety.

In any case――,

Subaru: [The state of the battles should be changing soon, and if Halibel-san is doing his part, we should have a way to get closer to the Crystal Palace. And from there――]

He would have liked to acquire information on the other battlefields, and have material to consider for this loop as well as for how would future events unfold.

And just as he was about to call out to his companions, it happened.

???: [――I see. This is a strange phenomenon. Observation: Required.]

Suddenly, everyone turned around at the sound of a voice from outside their awareness.

Subaru’s eyes widened, and there was a third party who had not been present prior―― a short, pale-skinned undead figure crouched down, checking the dust on the ground with their fingers.

A familiar undead with pink hair was playing with the dust of the destroyed, “Star Eaten” Izmail――,

Subaru: [――Hk, you.]

???: [From what it would appear, you have not directly interfered with the bug at the nucleus. The bug has lost its parasitic target and died… or lost its soul? The deprivation, hijacking, and reclamation … are very interesting.]

The one who said this, licking the dust that adhered to their fingertips with their tongue as a confirmation, was a being that looked exactly like one of Subaru’s companion’s relatives but whose eyes bore no semblance of warmth―― Sphinx.

The mastermind of the Great Disaster, the very goal of this final battle, emerged here.

Subaru: [――――]

At the sight of her imposing arrival, Subaru’s consciousness momentarily went blank.

The presence of the Curse of Thorns and the Magical Sharpshooter made it difficult for Subaru and his companions, with their trump card, Spica, to confront Sphinx, who was supposed to be in the Crystal Palace. Therefore, Olbart, who was good at stealth, had been sent in as a scout, and Subaru and his group hoped to continue hunting undead until the way was clear to reduce their enemy’s strength and gain an advantage in the coming decisive battle.

But to think that assumption could be so easily undermined――,

Subaru: [――No.]

Subaru concealed his agitation by considering this a chance, and held Beatrice’s hand tightly. Glancing at Beatrice, Subaru then joined hands with a surprised Spica.

In front of him was Sphinx, the mastermind behind the Great Disaster.

And, like the other undead, she had been revived with the power of the Sacrament of the Immortal King, so Spica’s Star Eating should be effective against her. Being undead would give her the advantage of Escape by Death, but at the same time, she had one unavoidable weakness, Spica.

Take away that, the chance of resurrection, and the battle would be over.

It would be possible to end the fight without knowledge of the opponent’s intentions or aims.

And so――,

Subaru: [Sphin…]

Sphinx: [The requirement is a match between the Name and the “soul” of the target. It is surprising that you even made use of the Authority of Gluttony. Countermeasures: Required.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Sphinx’s quiet analysis crushed any preemptive action.

Due to the fact that Sphinx had just mentioned the Authority of Gluttony, and that she had even recognized Spica’s Star Eating at a glance, Subaru gasped.

Even though his intentions were seen through, he was forgetting the strength of the Authority, which, by simply hitting the target, would make her unable to escape.

Therefore, the price for it had to be paid.

Jamal: [――You idiot!]

And like that, a foul-mouthed voice had cut between Subaru and Sphinx, pushing him away.

Sphinx held up one slender finger, pointing its tip toward Subaru and his companions. Before the ray of white heat emitted from that fingertip could penetrate Subaru and Spica’s heads, a man jumped in.

Jamal’s sword was gouged out in the shape of the heat ray that he could not block, and it pierced through the torso of the daredevilish man; the fresh scent of scorched blood hit upon Subaru’s nostrils very, very strongly.

--- Chapter 59: Sphinx ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated by:

Machine Translated by:

Proofread by:

Japanese to English Checking by:

LN-WN Alignment by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Sphinx was a failed result of the Witch of Greed’s research into immortality.

With the young girl who sacrificed herself to become the core for the creation of the miniature garden known as the Sanctuary―― with Ryuzu Meyer’s body as the foundation, she was a replicant constructed with a Mana body using the same structure as a Spirit.

The Witch had thought that if a pre-existing soul could be adhered to the empty life of the replicant, pseudo-immortality by means of soul-duplication could thus be achieved.

However, this prospect easily crumbled before the fact that the size and form of the soul and the vessel of life individually differed.

The soul of the Witch of Greed, could not be contained within the replicant of Ryuzu Meyer.

The result born from this outright mishap, was the failure of the Witch of Greed, an existence that would mark the world with many misfortunes for years to come, Sphinx.

That being, bestowed the name of an impure monster, “Sphinx”, was about to be disposed of due to its unsuitability for its original purpose, but by a twist of fate, it survived.

And, just like how many other artificial lives would do so, Sphinx also commenced work in order to fulfill the purpose of her creation.

The purpose for which the artificial Witch had been created―― in order to be perfected as the Witch of Greed, Sphinx would go on to pile up many calamities.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――You idiot!]

And then, with blood pouring from his mouth as he cursed, Jamal fell to the ground.

The white light that had been fired was supposed to have pierced the heads of Subaru and the others. Because of that, Jamal had received a blow at a position around that of a child’s head as he protected them, but even so, it was still undoubtedly a serious wound that had pierced one side of his torso.

Subaru: [Jamal――!]

Sphinx: [The presumed target has escaped harm? Although, it falls into the scope of what is able to be handled.]

Having been pushed away and protected, was Subaru. Ignoring that reaction, Sphinx, the one responsible for that attack, was unconcerned with the fact that it had been unsuccessful.

Subaru gnashed his molars at the words of the leader of the undead who spoke in a calm and apathetic manner.

It would have been difficult for Jamal to continue fighting after having collapsed, not to mention that his life would be in danger if not treated immediately.

Beatrice: [Subaru! Stay focused on what’s in front of you, in fact!]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

That instant, Beatrice called out in a sharp voice as she pulled Subaru’s arm.

Shifting his gaze away from Jamal at that call, Subaru looked at Sphinx. Likewise, Beatrice, Spica, and Abel also trained their gaze on her.

The three were on high alert, their attention focused on their enemy, Sphinx.

Jamal’s treatment would have to be postponed until later.

That was right. Absolutely, that was right.

But even so――,

Sphinx: [I had thought you to be the foreign entity that would derail my plans, but perhaps I was mistaken?]

Even if he averted his gaze, Subaru was unable to remove his attention from the fallen Jamal, and looking at him, Sphinx tilted her head and spoke. Subaru’s mind fell into increasing disarray as he looked into those undead golden eyes.

Beatrice: [――Hk, let’s work together, I suppose, Spica!]

Spica: [Aau!]

Beatrice and Spica moved in unison in Subaru’s stead.

At Beatrice’s call, Spica, her long blonde hair fluttering, flew towards Sphinx. As Spica leaped, Beatrice unleashed amethyst crystal arrows to the left, right, and rear of the stock-still Sphinx, blocking her escape route and providing cover.

As the coordination of the two blocked Sphinx on all sides, there was nothing she could do―― such was not the case.

Sphinx: [El Jiwald.]

Contrary to the meagerness of the incantation, the effect of subsequent destruction was tremendous.

In response to the looming threat, Sphinx opened both of her empty hands, and, just as she had done when attacking Jamal earlier, she emitted white rays of heat, but this time from the fingers of her left and right hands.

However, this time, it was not a momentary beam of heat like that of a ray gun, but a sword of light that continued to be projected.

Wielding ten blades of light upon her ten fingers, blades with a long range, larger than around half a greatsword, Sphinx dominated the space around her with attacks that sliced in all directions.

Bathed in the white light, each one of Beatrice’s deployed purple arrows were sliced apart, and Spica, who had jumped forward towards her, was also assailed by their fury.

Spica: [――Uu!]

Just before the white light could cut Spica’s thin body in two, she disappeared from everyone’s vision.

She had teleported. Having activated her short-range teleport, Spica escaped from Sphinx’s line of fire, emerging on top of the ruins of a building that was just off the street.

And then, as if to follow Spica, Subaru and Beatrice, who were in the white lights’ line of fire, were――,

Vincent: [Fool, have you been befuddled by the sight of the enemy ringleader?]

With a bitter remark, holding down the heads of Subaru and Beatrice, forcing them to crouch down in place, was Abel.

Vincent: [We cannot expect Jamal Aurélie to get back up. Your contribution shall be essential.]

Beatrice: [N-no need to tell us that when we already know, in fact! You’ll be rewarded for your quick thinking just now with our performance, so you better watch, I suppose!]

Beatrice, who had been violently saved, puffed out her cheeks and brushed Abel off as she stood back up.

Snorting his nose at Beatrice’s stouthearted rebuttal, Abel, who had also gotten back up, then looked down at Subaru, who was still lying on the ground, and,

Vincent: [What is the matter? Your partner is in high spirits, but you, however――]

“Do not stand?”, such were the provocative words Abel had perhaps been trying to utter.

But, he quickly broke off his speech, as if sensing something was awry, and then frowned his shapely eyebrows.

Beatrice: [Subaru?]

Beatrice, beside him, blinked her eyes at the same strange occurrence as Abel.

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru still remained lying face down at the feet of Beatrice and Abel. Spica, who had teleported to a distant position, also noticed, and bewilderment emerged in her eyes.

In the spur of the moment, the girls probably had no idea as to what had just happened.

Therefore, in the stead of Beatrice, Spica, and Abel, who could not comprehend the events unfolding before their eyes, it was ironically their enemy, Sphinx, who was the first to realize what had happened to Subaru.

Sphinx, with the pale face of an undead which had a considerable insufficiency to express emotions, but still with bewilderment and doubt in her eyes at having understood that,

Sphinx: […For what reason, did you ingest poison? Explanation: Required.]

Vincent: [――Hk, YOU!]

Immediately after Sphinx’s question, Abel’s expression changed, and he hoisted Subaru up by the collar. It was a violent act, however, Subaru did not voice any complaints.

The reason was that Subaru had already broken the package of poison behind his molar, and he was at the height of suffering through the hellish agony that led to Death.

Beatrice: [NOOOO! SUBARU!? SUBARU!?]

Spica: [UAU――!?]

Upon seeing the figure of Subaru, convulsing as blood frothed at his mouth, Beatrice and Spica screamed.

Beatrice tried to cling to the trembling Subaru, but Abel pushed the girl away, inserted his finger in Subaru’s mouth, and as he pulled out the packaged drug, his expression grew furious.

Vincent: [You, what is the meaning of this!? Have you lost your mind!?]

Subaru: [Bububu, bubububu…]

Vincent: [All that boasting about fighting against fate, yet this is what you do!?]

Abel’s enraged voice, Beatrice’s tearful cry, Spica’s sorrowful voice as she desperately jumped back towards him, amidst the sense of loss of his whole body slowly melting, Subaru heard them all.

To the angered voice, to the crying voice, to the despairing voice, he could not answer with words.

Even so, there was sufficient meaning in this. It was a necessary measure. ――This was the best course of action.

In order, to arrive, at a future, in which, nobody, would die, this was, the best, the best best best best best, possible, method.

Subaru: [Bubu… bu.]

Sphinx: [Explanation: Required.]

With that information unable to be transmitted to anyone, with the Witch’s question remaining unresolved, his breath ran out.

Natsuki Subaru’s life came to an end. ――Again, just as it had already done so many times in this final battle.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The first few years of Sphinx’s journey, which ought to be called a quest, had been majorly difficult.

The body of Ryuzu Meyer, which had served as the basis of the replicant, lacked the aptitude for surviving in this harsh world; her life often came into jeopardy due to extremely bad weather, changes in temperature, and sometimes by Witchbeasts or malicious humans, and lacking the means to counteract that, there had been far too many deficiencies at the time this receptacle had been selected.

Since concepts such as growth and training were also meaningless for a Mana body, she could not even hope for things to improve.

Though it was possible to acquire knowledge and skills that were not dependent on the body, there would be many opportunities for her life to be threatened along the path to learning them, so those days had always been accompanied by danger.

In addition, the base model of Ryuzu Meyer was a half-elf, and since Sphinx had also inherited those physical features, she would often be exposed to persecution and odd looks.

However, she was hesitant to make any large alterations to the external features of the original form.

Those were the first things that had been given to Sphinx, and she feared that if she altered the preconditions too much, she would become unable to fulfill her own purpose of creation.

Therefore, Sphinx did not consider the idea of disguising herself to be acceptable, and instead sought a different way to survive.

As long as she could remain alive, there were times when she had even degraded herself to being a spectacle and a slave. And since the appearance of Ryuzu Meyer was a refined one, there was also a time when she had been the servant of a lavish master.

Greedy to know things, greedy to learn things, Sphinx had made her abilities useful no matter where she was.

Once she understood just how good her memory was, utility value was born in a variety of situations. In the process of doing so, Sphinx realized that it was a way to protect herself.

In order to travel the world with a weak body, lacking the power to survive, it was best to create value for oneself, to offer it to those who sought it, and to gain their protection.

By doing so, Sphinx chose the means of continuing to live under the umbrella of others, until she was able to protect herself on her own.

Those days, lasted for approximately one-hundred and fifty years.

△▼△▼△▼△

――What was the most common cause of death for Natsuki Subaru since being summoned to this other world?

Were he to be asked this question, Subaru would be able to confidently answer, “Suicide by poison”.

At the Crimson Lapis Castle of the Demon City of Chaosflame, he had experienced a considerable number of Deaths in the game of tag against Olbart, but so long as the cause of the death was not labeled “Olbart”, the ways he had died there were of various sorts.

Excluding exceptions like those eleven seconds of despair, the record for the most numerous was undoubtedly held by poison.

It was a terribly disgraceful thing to mention, but it could even be said that the person who had killed Subaru the most in this other world was Old Man Null, who had concocted the poison.

In any case, the poison that he had used so frequently during his lone struggle to escape the Gladiator Island Ginunhive with zero casualties―― in order to form the Pleiades Battalion, still remained prepared within Subaru’s mouth, even now.

Subaru: [――I’m gonna get everyone back home, safe and sound.]

That, was the absolute condition that Subaru had established as he took on this final battle for the Imperial Capital, and it was one on which he would not compromise.

Originally, he had carried that attitude and mindset even before he had been sent to the Empire and had had his body shrunk, but amidst his days in the Empire up until now, his resolve had been strengthened even further.

That was a large part of the reason for Subaru’s rebellious spirit towards the Vollachian Empire, which was trying to impose the conclusion known as Death upon them by every means possible.

If the Empire forced Death upon them, he would reject it, no matter what it took.

For that purpose, he would do absolutely everything in his power.

No matter how many times, how many tens of times, how many hundreds of times it took, even if it meant he needed to go through the anguish of hell, no matter what.

Subaru: [――Gah, geuhh!!]

His vision flickering bright-red, Subaru’s throat screamed in agony as if all of his blood, flesh, and bone, every individual blood vessel, and every single cell in his body had been put through a blender.

But, the lethal pain that he had experienced right up to the moment of his death, as well as the cries and angry voices that had caused Subaru even more suffering than that pain, vanished into the beyond. ――This was Return by Death.

Return by Death had been activated via the suicide by poison, and Natsuki Subaru turned back the clock.

At that moment, Subaru was about to shift his state of awareness back to what ought to have been the scene right after he had washed his face at the final Imperial Soldier encampment before entering the Imperial Capital――,

???: [――You idiot!]

Subaru: [――――]

He felt the sensation of being shoved in the chest, and he heard the sound of cursing; Subaru was clearly being shown that the restart point for Return by Death had been updated.

???: [The presumed target has escaped harm? Although, it falls into the scope of what is able to be handled.]

Spilling blood as he cursed, Jamal collapsed, with the blade of the sword in his hand having had a round hole gouged into it. In the midst of this scene, the cold, indifferent voice of the perpetrator, Sphinx, analyzed the situation.

Both this scene and those words, were things that he had seen and heard only a few dozen seconds ago.

Beatrice: [Subaru! Stay focused on what’s in front of you, in fact!]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Beatrice called out sharply to Subaru, whose thoughts were in disarray due to his understanding and grasp on the current reality.

Her voice shattered the contents of his head, and the shock from pain of the previous poisoning and the update of the restart point slipped away with an exhale. He adapted to the new situation before him.

The time to be dumbfounded, he had naught.

There was far too much that could be lost in that period.

――The checkpoint of Return by Death had been updated.

What this meant, was that within this decisive final battle for the Imperial Capital, which had now already begun, the members of the “Rescue from Destruction Squad” assigned to each bastion could no longer be rearranged.

Subaru: [――――]

As it was, he believed that the best possible personnel had been deployed to the best possible battlefields.

But, it was frustrating that he could not fully confirm the conditions that would cause the minimum damage. In particular, the fact that he had yet to verify the result of having paired Emilia and Tanza together, was a major psychological blow.

Of course, the safety of the other members was an inexhaustible source of his anxiety and worry, but――,

Sphinx: [I had thought you to be the foreign entity that would derail my plans, but perhaps I was mistaken?]

As Sphinx tilted her head and posed a question, Subaru looked at the undead in front of him.

The building blocks he had assembled within his head until here, crumbled noisily.

The building blocks of thought that he had built up through trial and error was something that he had aimed to make far more perfect when viewed from a variety of angles. They crumbled away without leaving a trace. ――No, they were demolished.

Beside the building blocks that he had mentally built up, the Natsuki Subaru within his mind appeared, and violently tearing it down, he thoroughly destroyed it all until not a single part remained.

Until it became impossible to tell what the original form of those blocks were, until there would be nothing one could do about it even if it concerned them, he demolished, demolished, demolished, demolished, relentlessly demolished.

Then, he would completely forget about those building blocks, to which nothing more could possibly be done.

Only after doing so, could Natsuki Subaru finally set about a new sequence of trial and error.

Subaru: [――Not in the slightest.]

After a beat that felt to be long, as Subaru held both Beatrice and Spica’s hands, just like Abel as he narrowed his sable eyes, he stared down Sphinx as he gave his answer.

He had yet to discover a way to break through this deadlock. Nor did he know if his comrades were safe. Jamal still continued to bleed out.

His determination to successfully deal with all of that, had not altered in the slightest.

He would defeat the Witch, Sphinx, and put an end to this Great Disaster.

For that reason――,

Subaru: [I, am the one who’s gonna derail your plans, the natural enemy of disaster.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Sphinx was now known as a Witch, but for the first few hundred years after her creation, she was not equipped with power appropriate for such a designation.

This, too, was a revelation that came about with the creation of Sphinx, but there was a correlation between “soul” and “receptacle”, and if dissonance existed between the two, it would serve as a significant flaw that stood in the way.

By nature, receptacles were optimized to match their souls.

In short, the techniques and abilities of the Witch of Greed could only be adequately wielded by the body of the Witch of Greed. As a being with the incomplete soul of the Witch of Greed filling the receptacle of Ryuzu Meyer, Sphinx had been hindered from fulfilling the purpose of her creation ever since the very moment of her genesis.

As a result, it had taken one-hundred and fifty years for Sphinx to attain power befitting her designation as a Witch.

For Sphinx, who harbored the flaw of discrepancy between receptacle and soul, things like how to walk, how to breathe, and even how to beat her heart had required her to exert effort akin to relearning it anew.

To become a mage, it would take her nearly one-hundred times longer than what it would take for someone of average ability.

Furthermore, in this era, for Sphinx to fulfill the purpose of her creation, there were far too many factors that stood as obstacles to her activities.

Being treated as a half-elf due to her physical features, she was used as a scapegoat for the grievances and resentments towards the epitome of Witches, the Witch of Envy.

Suspecting the existence of Sphinx, the product of the Witch of Greed’s research, the person who claimed to be her disciple pursued her tenaciously.

While there were others as well, these were the two primary reasons that prevented her from staying in one place, forcing numerous setbacks in Sphinx’s quest to fulfill the purpose of her creation.

At the end of those days, when she first succeeded in casting magic on her own, seeing the small flame which flickered at her fingertips, Sphinx recalled feeling immense disappointment.

――Was this the extent of magic that the one who was supposed to succeed the Witch of Greed could use?

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――You idiot!]

And, with blood spilling from his lips as he spat out curses, once again Jamal collapsed.

He had been pushed away by Jamal, and the moment he stepped back with Beatrice and Spica, who were holding his hands, Subaru confirmed the re-activation of Return by Death.

???: [The presumed target has escaped harm? Although, it falls into the scope of what is able to be handled.]

As she missed her target, Sphinx did not worry too much over the result differing from her expectation.

The objective of the Witch was to eliminate Subaru and his companions who were present here. In that sense, taking down Jamal, who was counted among their fighting strength, was deemed sufficient as the first strike.

But――,

???: [Subaru! Stay focused on what’s in front of you…]

Subaru: [Beatrice! Heal Jamal!]

Beatrice: [――Hk, understood, in fact!]

Anticipating Beatrice as she raised her voice, Subaru instructed her to heal Jamal. Hearing that, Beatrice’s eyes widened, and she immediately rushed to Jamal’s side.

Receiving Beatrice’s swift response, Subaru exchanged a glance with Spica, who was holding his opposite hand,

Subaru: [Spica, I’m counting on you!]

Spica: [Aa~, uu!]

Vigorously, Spica leaped towards Sphinx like a bouncing rubber ball.

In order to intercept Spica, Sphinx would extend ten beams of white light from her fingertips. ――Therefore, before that could happen, Subaru picked up the sword that Jamal had dropped, and hurled it at her.

Sphinx: [El Jiwald.]

Jamal’s sword, spinning vertically, was cut down by the rays of heat that Sphinx wielded.

The sword was sliced into six equal parts in mid-air by the swords of light, but it successfully bought enough time for Spica to teleport. Without this support, Spica’s teleportation would not have made it in time.

Spica: [――Uu!]

As Spica gave a short howl, her figure teleported onto the debris at the side of the street.

And, as an arm violently reached out from behind him, pushing him down, the rays of heat that had originally aimed at both Spica and Subaru, who had been present behind her, had been dodged.

Having lunged forward, Abel’s hand had grabbed him by the back of his head, and squeezed him down.

Vincent: [Fool, have you been befuddled by the sight of the enemy ringleader?]

Subaru: [You’re an Emperor who’s got no ideas aside from instigating stuff, regardless of what the pattern is…!]

Placing his hands on the ground to avoid being crushed, Subaru quickly stood back up and complained about Abel’s loathsome words.

Without saying anything in response to Subaru’s rebuttal, as Abel maintained vigilance on Sphinx,

Vincent: [We cannot expect Jamal Aurélie to get back up. We ought to ignore him.]

Subaru: [I don’t agree in the slightest. He’s got a little sister waiting for him to return home.]

Vincent: [His bereaved family shall be granted sufficient compensation.]

Subaru: [When one’s family member dies, nothing can be done to fill the hole left in their heart.]

With her hands over the wounded Jamal, Beatrice began to cast healing magic on his wounds.

Though it was frustrating, it was as Abel said. Even with the maximum effect of Beatrice’s skilled healing magic, the chances of Jamal returning to this fight were close to zero.

But, if they could save Jamal from the brink of death here, it would erase one of Subaru’s worries.

That held immense psychological significance in advancing the battle against Sphinx.

Therefore――,

Subaru: [Sphinx! I’m the one who’s gonna kill you!]

Sphinx: [――――]

Sphinx, who had been glancing around to survey the situation, looked at Subaru upon his straightforward declaration.

If her attention were to shift away from Beatrice and the others towards Subaru, then it would be a success.

Subaru: [As an undead, you may think that you’ve overcome Death, but that’d be a huge misunderstanding and a downright lie. Nobody can live forever. There are no exceptions.]

Sphinx: […That is certainly persuasive. After all, it is a fact that you are painting over my Sacrament of the Immortal King, and are meddling with the souls of the dead. I suppose that I would be no exception. Only…]

Subaru: [Only?]

Sphinx: [――No, there is no particular need to say it. Verification: Required.]

In response to Subaru’s daring provocation, Sphinx shook her head slowly. However, Subaru’s cheeks stiffened at Sphinx’s response.

The reason for that was not because there had been anything troublesome about Sphinx’s response.

It was because, while giving such a response, Sphinx slightly relaxed her lips, and smiled.

Subaru: […Though, it’s not like Ryuzu-san was ever very expressive either.]

The fact that she had been resurrected as an undead likely contributed to it, but Sphinx’s smile gave an impression of being even more emotionally unexpressive than Ryuzu was―― Subaru felt a cold sense of dread at that.

This feeling of dread, it seemed to stem from something more profound and fundamental than mere disgust at the being of a lovely appearance that had been turned into an undead.

And, it became even more clear with Sphinx’s next words.

Sphinx: [For one matter, there was Confirmation: Required. ――You over there, is it correct to believe that you are Emperor Vincent Vollachia?]

Next, it was Abel, at his side, to whom Sphinx turned the brunt of her words.

Subaru raised an eyebrow as the conversation’s focus unexpectedly shifted towards Abel. Given his position, it was natural for Abel to become the center of attention, but Subaru had not expected Sphinx to take notice of him here.

As someone lacking combat prowess, there was no reason to be wary of Abel, given the circumstances.

Sphinx: [Would that be alright? Response: Required.]

Vincent: [To a lowly terrorist like you, I have no intention of falsifying my name or my position. ――Without a shred of doubt, I am Vincent Vollachia, the Emperor of this Empire.]

Sphinx: [Your answer is appreciated. Now, there was another matter for which, Confirmation: Required.]

Despite Abel fixing his intimidating gaze upon her, Sphinx fearlessly continued to speak.

Perhaps because he was aware of the Great Disaster destroying the Empire, Subaru was at a loss as to how they would deal with Sphinx thereafter, who was confronting the Vollachian Emperor, Abel.

If they could prolong the conversation even slightly, it would provide Beatrice more time to heal Jamal’s injuries.

Recognizing the need to take advantage of this opportunity, Subaru refrained from interrupting their conversation.

Thereupon――,

Vincent: [I shan’t promise any answer. Nevertheless, you may speak.]

Sphinx: [――Priscilla Barielle, or perhaps, Prisca Benedict.]

Subaru: […Huh?]

The unexpected and sudden mention of Priscilla’s name caused Subaru to be taken aback.

Having participated in the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, amidst the retreat that had begun due to the emergence of the Great Disaster, Priscilla’s whereabouts had become unknown. As both her and Yorna had gone missing, their safety had been confirmed by ascertaining the continuation of the Soul Marriage Technique, which Priscilla could also use for some reason.

The Soul Marriage Technique that Yorna had cast upon Tanza and the residents of Chaosflame, and that Priscilla had cast upon Schult, were proof that they were still alive.

Of course, this was about Yorna, one of the Nine Divine Generals, and that Priscilla.

Given the circumstances of how Al had remained in the Imperial Capital for the purpose of rescuing her, he naturally assumed that she had survived tenaciously, but from the mouth of Sphinx, he did not expect her name to be brought up, especially in the form of a question to Abel.

Certainly, Priscilla had been involved in the fray since the Fortress City of Guaral, indicating that she had some connection to the Vollachian Empire and Abel. Due to the profound atmosphere, one might guess that there was trouble involving the husbands of Priscilla’s past.

That was――,

Subaru: [――――]

At the mention of the relationship between Abel and Priscilla, which Subaru had not ascertained, he briefly glanced over at Abel, who had been mentioned, and Subaru noticed him narrowing his black eyes.

Subaru knew that this subtle reaction was actually proof of Abel’s considerable agitation.

Though it was uncertain whether she had noticed this, Sphinx faced the silent Emperor――,

Sphinx: [Is it correct to believe that you are her brother? Conviction: Required.]

Thus, she continued with a bombshell that betrayed all of Subaru’s expectations.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Even though she had become capable of using magic by herself, there was no sudden change in Sphinx’s way of life.

By successfully invoking magic once, she was able to stabilize the method of utilizing the Gate of Ryuzu Meyer’s Mana-based body, and succeeded in reproducing the majority of magic grasped by the Witch of Greed’s soul.

However, that did not change the precarious position that Sphinx was placed in, and as always, she kept out of sight, continuing her days of not staying in a single place in order to avoid threats.

Only, compared to before, it had become easier to stay out of sight, and to escape threats.

Thanks to that, after one-hundred and fifty years had passed since her birth, Sphinx could finally get started on her investigation to replicate the Witch of Greed, the purpose of her creation.

――The first hundred years, she devoted her time to learning about the Witch of Greed.

Despite her foundation being that of the same soul as the Witch of Greed, there were far too many things that Sphinx had lost from the Witch of Greed’s soul, so the end goal she was supposed to be aiming for had become blurred.

So, in order to learn about the Witch of Greed who had already been dead for a long time, she set out on a journey to follow the legends and books in various places, but there was an organization known as the Witch Cult that was attempting to erase the Witches from history―― that did not seem to be the original objective of its founding, but their activities served as hindrances, so results were very slow to come by.

As a result, changing the course of action, which had seen no progress over a hundred years, Sphinx searched for a different method.

――For the next hundred years, she aimed to fill in the gaps of the Witch of Greed within herself.

Due to the fact that she had gone around the world for a hundred years, and had made essentially no progress, Sphinx thought that perhaps the greatest clue to learning about the Witch of Greed was herself, who possessed the same soul.

Unsuccessful in replicating the Witch of Greed, Sphinx had been born an insufficient failure.

If she were to fill in the missing parts of her soul, restoring it to its original form, would that not then be fulfilling the purpose of her creation, to replicate the Witch of Greed?

――However, after spending a hundred years on this venture as well, it became apparent that it was infeasible, so she was at a standstill.

There was a development in her search for resources in order to learn about the Witch of Greed, which she had not abandoned, even if she had altered her course of action, and this development caused Sphinx to lose sight of the mountaintop she ought to be aiming for.

It seemed like the Witch of Greed was the possessor of an awfully complex human nature.

According to the resources she had discovered, the Witch of Greed exchanged words with many people, and granted them the knowledge or wisdom they desired, which, for better or for worse, often interfered with history.

On the other hand, there was also the figure of the Witch of Greed within Sphinx’s vague memories, and this version avoided contact with people as much as possible, and seldom involved herself with the lives of others.

Those conflicting images of the Witch of Greed, birthed a hesitation in Sphinx’s investigation.

By this point, over three-hundred years had already passed since the birth of Sphinx, and with a desire to progress her investigation in order to fulfill the purpose of her creation, Sphinx approached a decision once again.

And then, Sphinx decided. ――She would make a major alteration in the methods she had been using up until now.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Abel and Priscilla were brother and sister.

It was an impactful fact brought about by Sphinx; however, it tied the seeds already within Subaru together in a way that made sense, and resolved many of the doubts he had harbored.

The fact that Priscilla had intervened in the Empire’s civil war, and the fact that she knew several people from the Empire starting with Serena. Sometimes, she would have conversations that insinuated that she had a significant history concerning the Empire, and she would occasionally act in a way that seemed like she had an unusual relationship with Abel.

And, just like Abel, she had the same bizarrely arrogant and self-important personality.

He fathomed Abel’s self-importance as being due to the fact that he was Emperor.

So then, just why did Priscilla act so self-important? The solution to that answer was because she was also part of the Imperial Family.

――Nay. It was that she used to be part of the Imperial Family.

Subaru: [To decide on who becomes Emperor, wasn’t there that crazy rule about all the siblings needing to fight to the death?]

Vincent: [I have no intention of debating the ethics of the structure of the Imperial Selection Ceremony with you.]

Subaru: [With or without a debate, the moment you started acting as Emperor and allowed Priscilla to live, I more-or-less figured out how you two siblings feel about that rule .]

The more he heard about the blood relation between Abel and Priscilla, the more he could not help but accept it, but the more he learned about that current situation, the more he understood how impossible it was for the Empire.

Originally, the rule was that everyone in the Vollachian Empire who possessed the right to succeed the Imperial Throne would fight to the death, and until only one final person remained, the Emperor would not be decided. ――Abel was in violation of this rule.

In other words, Abel and Priscilla had conspired, and their current positions were ones that went against the Imperial Selection Ceremony.

Vincent: [We did not conspire. I made a decision, and I carried it out. With the death of Prisca, only Priscilla remained. That is the entirety of the matter.]

Subaru: [That’s all… Huh!? So doesn’t that mean Priscilla was in a position that absolutely should have never returned to the Empire!?]

Vincent: [Are you able to imagine the extent of worry I experienced at the Fortress City? To begin with, if we are on the subject, that has been the case ever since I heard about her becoming a candidate in the Kingdom’s Royal Selection.]

Subaru: [As unusual as this is, I actually sympathize with you on that…]

As an outsider, Subaru could not imagine this, but in order to have his sister Priscilla escape, Abel ought to have crossed an equally dangerous bridge. Surely even now, if this information were to be leaked outside, it would be a bombshell that would even threaten Abel’s position as Emperor.

For that sister, whom he had gone through so much trouble to let flee, to be nominated as a candidate for the next Monarch of the neighboring country in the short time he had taken his eyes off her, and then to come back and fight in the Empire’s civil war predicament as a foreign player, Abel must have been fighting against a hellish stomach ache behind the oni mask that almost seemed like a practical joke.

Anyhow――,

Subaru: [Regardless of you two being siblings, the news that Sphinx has an interest in Priscilla is not bad at all. If Priscilla is being kept alive in the Crystal Palace, then that’s also corroborated by the Soul Marriage Technique.]

Vincent: [――. Though, I judge that the relationship between Priscilla and this damned Witch cannot be declared an amiable one.]

Subaru: [You may not be aware of this, but you two siblings are pretty hard to get along with, so you better fix that. That’s even the case with your allies, so isn’t it a bit too excessive for your enemies?]

Vincent: [Such disrespect; even if I happen to overlook it, that shall not be the case with Priscilla.]

As soon as the information about them being brother and sister was revealed, Abel did not hesitate to skip over the topic of their blood ties.

In reality, it was true that he was more scared of angering Priscilla, who would unrelentingly cut down people whom she judged to be disagreeable, than he was of angering Abel, who did not possess the strength to strike down insolent individuals.

Subaru: [Speaking of cutting down, that sword that Priscilla is always swinging around――]

Vincent: [――The Yang Sword Vollachia.]

He had never gotten a good look at it up close, but he understood that the thing Priscilla often suddenly unsheathed from the air was a treasured sword that concealed tremendous power.

When Subaru brought up that topic, Abel gave the best possible answer.

Subaru: […If I’m not mistaken, is that Yang Sword something that gets passed down generation to generation in the Empire?]

Vincent: [Indeed.]

Subaru: [Then, hidden identity or not, isn’t it bad for her to wield it in the first place!?]

Vincent: [――. Indeed.]

As Abel responded in a stiff voice, Subaru began to get a headache over Priscilla’s audacious behavior.

That was likely so. ――As a former member of the Vollachian Imperial Family, the fact that she was alive was a bombshell that could pose quite a threat to the reign of the Emperor, and yet she boldly stood at center stage as a Royal Selection Candidate of the Kingdom, and on top of that, lacked caution as she often wielded the treasured sword of imperial origin.

It was no wonder that whenever somebody who knew the old Priscilla appeared, they would make moves that suggested they knew of her past. It was because the person in question had not kept anything hidden at all.

Subaru: [Is she like Emilia-tan, who thought she could get by with calling herself Emily…]

That too, was because Emilia was a charming, natural airhead, a beautiful girl without peer, but in Priscilla’s case, since she ought to have been fully aware of her own position, it was just her poor personality.

In any case――,

Subaru: [In truth, aren’t you the one who’s supposed to have the Yang Sword?]

Vincent: [――――]

At Subaru’s question, Abel maintained his silence.

Were that incorrect, Abel would have responded so with eloquent reasoning. The fact that he did not do so, meant that Subaru ought to think such was the case.

That was why――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――You idiot!]

Now that he thought about it, just who was that cursing actually directed towards?

Was it towards Subaru and the two girls, whom he had suddenly jumped in to protect, or was it perhaps Sphinx, who had mercilessly aimed for the children? ――Or was it towards Jamal himself, who had reduced his own options for the following events?

Of course, it would have been one of the former options, as there was no way it was the final possibility.

Certainly, from Subaru’s perspective, using Return by Death to try and break the deadlock, Jamal’s act of protecting Subaru and the two girls was an interference that held no meaning.

If Jamal had not protected him, Sphinx’s surprise attack would have evaporated Subaru’s head, and Return by Death would have activated, which would have allowed him to commence his response from an earlier state.

Where that would have been the same as now, after contact had been made with Sphinx, or if it would have been from an earlier point, he did not know.

Only, in that case, Jamal would not have been injured, which would have expanded the possibilities for strategy in a situation in which a battle against Sphinx was unavoidable.

As a result, when Jamal collapsed due to the magic, Jamal was subtracted from the fighting strength of Subaru’s group, and Beatrice was restrained to using healing magic in order to save him from the verge of death.

Looking at just the events that had occurred, Jamal’s conduct had actually been a burden on Subaru’s group.

However――,

Subaru: [――――]

Taking pride in the fact that he was a Sword Wolf, motivated to cut open a future for his sister with his sword, Jamal had sacrificed himself to protect Subaru and the two girls; Subaru would not let that action be meaningless.

After all, lives, instincts, and hearts were not those kinds of things.

Sphinx: [The presumed target has escaped harm? Although――]

Subaru: [You made me eat your shoe! But, now we’re even!]

Sphinx: [――――]

Missing her target due to the collapsed Jamal, Sphinx was about to start saying something. Painting over the words of the Witch, Subaru spoke to Jamal in a loud voice.

Subaru did not know whether that loud voice of his had reached Jamal or not.

But, at the camp site immediately after he had been sent off to the Vollachian Empire, Subaru had received some terribly cruel treatment from Jamal. Just now, he forgave that. ――Jamal, too, was unmistakably one of his comrades.

Subaru: [Beatrice! Heal Jamal!]

Beatrice: [――Hk, understood, in fact!]

At Subaru’s subsequent direction, Beatrice quickly hastened to Jamal. Feeling the sensation of her slender fingers drifting away, Subaru pulled Spica, who was holding the opposite hand towards himself,

Subaru: [Spica, I’m counting on you!]

Spica: [Aa~, uu!]

With an expression brimming with motivation, Spica kicked off the ground, and with the vigor of a bouncing rubber ball, she leapt towards Sphinx.

Spica jumped right towards her, causing her long, blonde hair to flutter, and Sphinx ignored the fact that her speech had been canceled, and raised both of her hands.

She created ten swords of light―― thereupon, Subaru threw one of Jamal’s swords.

Sphinx: [El Jiwald.]

Spica: [――Uu!]

The white light melted Jamal’s rotating sword, and also aimed for Spica, who was present beyond it. But, before they could reach her, Spica’s form teleported to the side of the street. At the same time, Subaru’s head was forced to duck down by Abel’s hand from behind, so they had succeeded in evading Sphinx’s counterattack.

Vincent: [You did well to shift gears immediately. But, there shall be no meaning if you cannot keep it up.]

Subaru: [I know! I’ll say this now, but don’t abandon Jamal!]

Vincent: [――. His bereaved family shall be granted sufficient compensation.]

Subaru: [In that case, I’ll save the people you won’t save!]

Talking back to the overly-rational Abel, Subaru held his ground with his body that had been made to fall. With that posture, he glared at Sphinx, whose attack he had evaded,

Subaru: [Sphinx! I’m the one who’s gonna kill you!]

Sphinx: [――――]

Subaru: [I’m gonna kill the undead you. Resurrection magic isn’t all powerful. You think I’m lying?]

Sphinx: […That is certainly persuasive. After all, it is a fact that you are painting over my Sacrament of the Immortal King, and are meddling with the souls of the dead. I suppose that I would be no exception. Only…]

In order to draw attention to himself, Subaru tried to provoke her, to which Sphinx shook her head from side to side. Having recognized that Subaru’s claim was somewhat persuasive,

Sphinx: [――No, there is no particular need to say it. Verification: Required.]

Despite maintaining vigilance over her natural enemy, Subaru―― or, to be precise, Spica’s Star Eating, she gave a smile that seemed to be the exact opposite of that mental image.

The Witch’s smile, only the origin of it was unknown to him. Ultimately, there was no need to know, either.

Vincent: [Do not lose your nerve.]

Speaking to Subaru in a low voice, for a moment, Abel stood next to him and furrowed his brow. The intention of those sable eyes requested an explanation, but Subaru would leave that up to the flow of events.

With the aftertaste of her smile remaining, Sphinx looked towards Abel,

Sphinx: [For one matter, there was Confirmation: Required. You over there――]

Subaru: [――This guy is Vincent Vollachia, the Emperor of this nation. That, and, you aren’t mistaken that he’s Priscilla’s older brother.]

Sphinx: [――――]

Before Sphinx could finish asking her question, Subaru interrupted with the answer.

The moment that was done to her, Sphinx moved her eyebrows with a level of clear surprise for the first time. Abel, who had just given him a warning, was surprised to a similar extent, but that was a necessary expense.

Spica: [Uu~, au!]

Jumping at Sphinx, Spica took action that counterbalanced that sundry expense.

With an agility that resembled the hunting style of a cat, Spica closed in on the Witch, but rather than the claws of a cat swinging its paws, she had the might of swing from a lion, or a tiger, or perhaps even a bear.

It was the kind of blow that, if received directly, would make a mess of even an undead warrior in a single hit; without sparing any quarter, Spica had pummeled that into Sphinx’s slender body――,

Sphinx: [I am surprised. It seems that you have specialties that lie outside the realm of meddling with souls.]

Spica: [Aaau~!?]

Sphinx’s quiet analysis overlapped with Spica’s high-pitched voice of astonishment.

Spica’s astonishment was natural. The blow containing all of her might had indeed been delivered to Sphinx. However, with the single arm Sphinx had raised, she had skillfully parried it.

With her blue eyes wide-open, Spica stared into the golden eyes of the Witch,

Sphinx: [Were you taken aback? My defeat in the Demi-Human War was partly because of my inexperience in martial arts. Taking that into account, I began learning from square one. But then again――]

Spica: [Uu!?]

Sphinx: [There is a limit to the enhancement of abilities that can be yielded through the Flow Method for this replicant body.]

While speaking, Sphinx used the momentum from her parry, and threw Spica down headfirst.

That elegant movement and technique were not something that had been acquired through half-hearted training. As the Witch had confessed herself, she had used her former defeat as a resource to learn from.

It would make anyone think that it was unnecessary to mention the person who had beat the Witch in a fist fight in the past.

Subaru: [Spicaaa!]

Spica: [――Uu~, au!]

As Subaru raised his voice, Spica firmly clenched her teeth.

That moment before her head hit the ground, Spica twisted her body around, and used her body like a cat once more. Gently landing on her knees, Spica nimbly distanced herself from Sphinx.

Spica: [Au!?]

However, Spica’s movements were stopped as she tried to fall back.

Sphinx had caught the sleeve of Spica’s right arm, preventing the latter’s withdrawal. ――Immediately after, the girl and the Witch exchanged glances, and an extremely close-quarters bout of combat commenced.

Spica: [Uu! Au! Aaau~! Aau!]

Each grappling with one arm, Spica and Sphinx engaged in high-level combat with minimal movement.

As Spica desperately swung around blows, Sphinx utilized smooth technique as if to say “the soft controls the hard”, and sometimes, she would interweave magic fired from her fingertips into her counteroffensive.

Subaru: [Beako!]

Beatrice: [Just a little longer, I suppose!]

Witnessing the tempestuous battle, Subaru called out to Beatrice, and she responded. With her hands glowing, Beatrice was pouring all her efforts into using healing magic on the collapsed Jamal.

So then, should he keep waiting for Beatrice, who was yet unable to return, and go without providing cover?

Subaru: [Like I could ever do such a thing!]

Eliminating the option of doing nothing, Subaru suddenly drew the Guiltywhip from the back of his waist. Then, as Subaru made that decision, Abel violently held back his shoulder.

Vincent: [Wait, Natsuki Subaru. If you move carelessly――]

Subaru: [You goddamn idiot! Is this the time to be saying that!?]

Talking back to Abel’s sharp complaint in a loud voice, Subaru shook free and began sprinting.

He heard Abel clicking his tongue behind him, but without stopping, Subaru raised his whip overhead to provide cover to Spica, who was being toyed with by Sphinx’s tactics of interweaving magic and martial arts.

Subaru: [Shh――!]

The tip of the whip flew with speed that could not be derided as the strength of a child.

To be more accurate, it was not as good as when his body had been at its original size, but he had put his concentration to good use in this extreme situation. Even if his shrunken body had forgotten the days of training he spent to master the whip, his willpower produced a miracle.

The whip tore through the air, and like a snake’s fangs, it was absorbed into Sphinx’s back――,

Subaru: [――Wha…]

Sphinx: [Feelings of protectiveness and impatience amount to poison that causes lapses in judgment. Since I have a comprehension of what emotions are, albeit only slightly, I know of their dreadfulness.]

As Sphinx indifferently responded, she caught the Guiltywhip with her right hand. But, Sphinx had purposely reached out her right hand to do so.

Sphinx’s left hand was grasping Spica’s right sleeve, and her right hand was fastened to Subaru’s whip, so now both of her hands had been sealed.

However――,

Spica: [Aa, uu… Hk]

Spilling out pathetic cries of pain, Spica fell to her knees, as her left thigh had been pierced by white light. ――Unable to use either of her hands, that had been done by a blow fired from Sphinx’s undead golden right eye.

Sphinx: [Fingers and tools can be used to assist with the invocation of magic. It is a mistaken conception that those who are not versed in magic are prone to having.]

Subaru: [Spica―― UOAHH!?]

With Spica groaning at the pain, Subaru screamed in her stead, but Sphinx pulled on the whip with a forceful movement, resolutely felling him to the ground before the Witch.

Clenching his teeth, Subaru endured the pain. The face of Spica on her knees right next to him, and the face of Sphinx looking down at him from above, were both clearly seen by him.

Meeting eyes with the golden irises in which no heat could be felt――,

Sphinx: [――For what reason, are you smiling?]

Subaru: [Because everything until now has gone exactly as I had planned.]

Seeing Subaru’s expression as he lay face-up on the ground, Sphinx voiced a question.

Answering it, Subaru let go of the whip that he had purposely been holding onto, and with the emptied hand, he directed a finger gun towards Sphinx.

And then――,

Subaru: [――Minya!]

The tip of Subaru’s finger glowed, and immediately after, a crystal arrow of amethyst hue was fired.

Surprise, close-range, negligence, a performance that deserved an Academy Award―― as various factors intertwined, Sphinx had no measures by which she could evade Subaru’s preparations.

Sphinx: [――Reflection: Required, indeed.]

Tilting her head right away, Sphinx so muttered, her voice cracking slightly.

Subaru’s purple arrow made an impact on Sphinx’s right eye, and bore through it. The area around the impact began to crystallize, encroaching on Sphinx’s pale skin.

Originally, Yin Magic was supposed to display particular efficiency against the undead, but this was instantaneous.

Subaru: [Did you think I was just an intelligent brat? It’s a misconception that everyone tends to have.]

――Subaru was the Spiritual Arts User who had contracted with the cute and talented Beatrice.

Even if his body had been shrunken, his connection with Beatrice would not be severed. Beatrice and Subaru were connected by their Gates, and Beatrice would draw from Subaru’s Mana to utilize magic.

The reverse was also true. Subaru could also borrow Beatrice’s power to use magic. That was precisely how, in the first battle after he had contracted with Beatrice, they had employed magic to mow down the hordes of the Great Rabbit.

But then again, that first battle had used up all the Mana that Beatrice had amassed over four-hundred years, and now the most Subaru could do was fire off a trump card limited to a single shot within Beatrice’s range of sight.

But, the important things were the fact that he had a trump card, and the fact that he did not make a mistake when he used it.

Subaru: [Spica, one final push!]

Spica: [Uu!]

Sphinx had been taken aback by the impact of the magic, so Subaru would rush her down there.

Her leg battered, concealing her expression that was stiffened by the pain with an unfaltering fighting spirit, Spica jumped up and grabbed Subaru’s hand, and he firmly stood up on the spot.

His wounds were painful. But, no matter how many times he tried, they would not get any more minor than this.

Therefore, this was the best development to move forward with everybody remaining alive―― Subaru acted in place of Spica’s left leg, and together they headed towards Sphinx.

By having Spica’s Star Eating reach its target, they would defeat Sphinx――,

Sphinx: [You were at least able to see through Valga’s stratagem. Admiration: Required.]

As the scope of the crystallization extended out from the right eye, Sphinx praised Subaru.

Then, the hardening face of the Witch took the shape of a smile, and she placed the index finger of her left hand right under her jaw. That finger was forming a finger gun, as if to spite Subaru.

Subaru: [――Hk.]

That instant, Subaru intuited that her action was a preparation for Escape by Death.

It was a plan to commit suicide by blowing off her own head, and resetting the situation. ――If she committed suicide here, and escaped with intelligence on Subaru’s group, Sphinx would never appear before them again.

The chance to have Star Eating reach its target, would not come about again.

Before he could move to put a stop to that, a faint light glowed in the tip of Sphinx’s finger――,

???: [――YOU IDIOOOT!!]

A slashing attack accompanied a cursing voice akin to coughing up blood, and Sphinx’s left arm was cut off at the elbow.

Sphinx: [――――]

Seeing her arm spin as it flew away, Sphinx widened her eyes.

Throwing the sword, which had a hole in its blade, severing that arm, and preventing the Escape by Death planned by Sphinx, his eyes bloodshot, was Jamal.

Having sustained a serious injury, Jamal attacked, and it was Beatrice who supported his body. While applying healing magic to his wound, Beatrice followed up on Jamal’s sword throw.

For a moment, Sphinx, who was gazing in wonder, and Beatrice, who had previously responded that the healing would take more time, crossed gazes,

Beatrice: [That was a downright lie, in fact.]

Sticking out her tongue, Beatrice revealed that this miraculous comeback of Jamal’s was not a miracle in actual fact.

Be that as it may, even with the loss of one arm, Sphinx could do the same thing with her remaining right hand. ――No, she could have done so if not for the moment with Beatrice.

Vincent: [That sent shivers down my spine.]

Contrary to the contents of the words, the spun voice was as indifferent as always.

But, there might have very well been some real danger. ――After all, too much force had been applied to Jamal’s sword to say it had been merely passed over.

Sphinx: [Admiration: Required.]

Vincent: [I require no such thing.]

As Sphinx widened her remaining left eye at the events that had transpired, Abel coldly responded. Then, the black-haired Emperor, swinging the sword he had received, severed Sphinx’s right arm from its shoulder.

Sphinx: [Ahh…]

Her left hand was lost, her right arm was severed, the balance of her body crumbled as she attempted to escape, and with force Sphinx’s back crashed onto the street of the Imperial Capital without even bracing herself.

Passing the Witch on the ground as she looked up, Subaru deeply exhaled as he looked down on her.

In order to corner her like this, it had taken a multitude of tactics, and to a lesser extent, some trial and error. Finally, having arrived at this point, which had taken all of that, Subaru now stood before Sphinx.

Subaru: [It’s our win.]

Sphinx: […Indeed. I shall admit it. It is, my loss.]

A serious injury for Jamal, some injuries for Spica and Subaru, and no injuries for Beatrice and Abel; that was the result obtained in this domain, and fully understanding that, Subaru made his declaration, to which Sphinx nodded.

Even without her two arms, it was quite possible for her to shoot something from her eye, like she had done to attack Spica. The right half of her face was already crystallized, but it was of maximum priority to not allow her to do anything else.

Subaru: [Sphinx.]

The fact that this was not an act of him calling out to her, was something that even Sphinx herself understood.

This was merely an indication to have Spica get to work, the path he had prepared for her Authority, Star Eating. Leaning on Subaru’s shoulder, Spica reached her hand out towards Sphinx.

By meddling with the soul of the undead Witch, they would finally put an end to this Great Disaster――,

???: [――Jiwald.]

The next moment, right before Spica’s fingers could make contact, the crystallizing face of Sphinx evaporated―― the fired white light blew off the Witch’s cranium, crushing Subaru’s plan.

Everyone: [――――]

Sphinx had been killed proper from somewhere in the sidelines. The Sphinx before their eyes crumbled, and promptly turned to dust.

And, the one who had done that was――,

???: [From how it appears, I have concluded that this was an exceedingly perilous scene. Respondence: Required.]

???: [The effects of the Sacrament of the Immortal King are useful, but when that usefulness is experienced, it is irritating that information cannot be immediately shared on the spot. Improvement: Required.]

???: [Before that, I suppose we ought to give priority to eliminating them. Counteroffensive: Required.]

At the bustling voices heard in quick succession, Subaru clearly felt Spica’s body stiffen through his shoulder. Likely, Spica also felt him do the same.

It was only natural that they experienced that level of shock.

???: [――Combat: Required.] ???: [――Combat: Required.] ???: [――Combat: Required.]

After all, having disposed of the cornered Sphinx, several uninjured Witches, several uninjured Sphinxes, had gathered together.

△▼△▼△▼△

――For Sphinx, intervention in the Demi-Human War was something exceedingly convenient.

The feelings of antipathy between humans and demi-humans that had been on the rise within the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica, flared up into a large inferno with merely a small kindling, and the longstanding transient peace was destroyed.

The environment of persecution suffered by demi-humans, regardless of their participation in the civil war, entirely eliminated the unnaturalness of Sphinx making contact with the Demi-Human Alliance. If she introduced herself as a half-elf, she did not need any greater justification to join the alliance.

There, meeting the two principal leaders of the Demi-Human Alliance, Valga Cromwell and Libre Fermi, was also quite the fortuitous happening for Sphinx.

In particular, Valga of the Giant Clan, who, contrary to his fierce appearance, possessed an outstanding intellect, had realized the usefulness of the magic and knowledge in Sphinx’s possession, and had daringly included her into their tactics, securing victories for the Demi-Human Alliance on many battlefields.

Sphinx, too, unveiled much of the Witch of Greed’s knowledge that had never been revealed until then, and assisted in Valga’s plans, or perhaps it was her who had gained assistance.

――The Sacrament of the Immortal King, too, was a forbidden art that had only been successfully reproduced thanks to the Demi-Human Alliance.

Even if she had knowledge of the technique itself, it was the research of the details needed to implement it, and the strategic plans in which the technique was actually utilized, that had allowed Valga to skillfully lead in the Demi-Human War.

Sphinx had no interest in the victory of the Demi-Human Alliance, and she had just been making use of that environment, but back then, the presence of Valga and the others had helped her out immensely. But then again, Libre, the snakeman who held the same position of leader alongside Valga, had misgivings about dealing with Sphinx, and they had not constructed a good relationship with each other.

In any case, Sphinx had obtained many of the things she had desired with the Demi-Human War.

Amongst them, that which she had wished to observe the most was “love”―― in order to fulfill the purpose of her creation, it seemed to be the thing that the incomplete Sphinx was lacking the most. The sense of attachment that was generally defined as “love”, she had gained many opportunities to witness it up close, and that was a great result for her.

Within Valga, within Libre, within many of the demi-humans and humans alike, that was present.

The actuality of its existence, and the confidence that it was indeed missing from within herself, were the greatest things Sphinx had gained.

Only, with the situation that had not moved for over three-hundred-and-fifty years finally having moved, it ought to be said that Sphinx had gotten a bit greedy. ――With the threat she had forgotten about, she reunited.

Knowing that Sphinx had been constructed with the purpose of replicating the Witch of Greed’s soul, harboring an unbearable vindictiveness of desiring her existence to be erased, was the Witch of Greed’s disciple.

――Ultimately, Sphinx ended up being defeated by that disciple of the Witch of Greed.

△▼△▼△▼△

The situation he had feared, had arrived precisely at the moment he had feared it.

The sensation of cold fingers being thrust into his mouth, and the sensation of the drug package, which he had grown accustomed to being in there, being yanked out, caused Subaru to recall that.

???: [I suppose this is poison for the purpose of suicide? It is an inexplicable preparation.]

???: [Is it truly so inexplicable? When one heads for the battlefield, they have generally resolved themself for death. Additionally, if one is captured by their enemy, it is effective in eliminating the room for having information extracted.]

???: [What about a battlefield on which that general expression would be improper? They should also be aware that if they were to lose their life here, it would not necessarily mean their mouth would be sealed for certain.]

With the same voice, with the same manner of speech, with the same tone, analyses piled up, and ultimately, several pairs of eyes looked at Subaru.

The Witches who all bore the same face, simultaneously peered into Subaru’s black eyes――,

Witch: [Answer: Required.] Witch: [Answer: Required.] Witch: [Answer: Required.]

Then, having stolen Subaru’s method of suicide, and binding his arms behind his back, they enquired so.

――The several newly-appeared Sphinxes had completely overpowered Subaru’s group, which had a great deal of struggle to corner just a single Sphinx, in less than a minute.

Spica: [Ua, uu…]

Pinned to the ground, Spica desperately squirmed in an attempt to assist the captive Subaru.

But, even if given treatment, the wound on her leg was deep, and she could not shake free from the Sphinx who was pinning her down. It was not just Spica. Beatrice and Jamal were also lying collapsed on the street in a battered state.

In particular, since Jamal had continued to shower the Sphinxes with abusive language, he had ended up being scrupulously tormented until he had completely lost consciousness.

And then――,

Vincent: [From one indecision to the next, do you not tire of it all?]

Sphinx: [Even when you are cornered to this degree, I admire that your spirit still refuses to yield. I can sense the blood relation with your sister… with Priscilla Barielle.]

Vincent: [Hmph, did you think I would waver at the mention of Priscilla? In addition to mimicking Lamia, the one known as the Witch engages in some terribly impudent actions.]

Abel trained a hostile gaze on Sphinx, and spat those words out together with the blood in his mouth.

Right now, the ones facing off against the Sphinxes were him, standing on his own two feet, and Subaru, whose arms were bound behind his back. And with Subaru forced to kneel, Abel became the sole man standing.

Present here were three Sphinxes.

One of them was restraining Subaru, one of them was pinning Spica down, and the last one was free to move as she pleased.

Facing them, Abel had sustained no small number of wounds amidst the short resistance. His clothes were sullied and torn, and wiping the blood off his cheek with his sleeve, by his feet was the sword he had discarded as it had lost its blade.

But, even with this much damage done to him, Abel had not sustained a fatal wound.

In this eleventh hour, that was thanks to Abel’s remarkable swordsmanship blooming―― such a thing was not the case, for it was by the Sphinxes’ intentions, that Abel had been kept alive.

Sphinx: [Lamia Godwin, it is true that I have learned from her. She possessed a certain observative ability to see the true nature of things. She was much closer to the truth of “souls” than I am.]

Sphinx: [Thanks to her, parallel reproduction of the Sacrament of the Immortal King has succeeded. It slightly deviates from the desired result, but, it is true that it has advanced us one level higher.]

Sphinx: [Without that, it would have been infeasible to appear before you in this manner.]

The Sphinxes strung words together; the trick of producing several of the same undead at the same time, was an abuse of the Sacrament of the Immortal King, used by Abel’s sister when she had attacked the coupled dragon carriages―― used by Lamia Godwin.

To be honest, supposing Spica’s Star Eating were flawless, then the multiplication of undead was nothing more than an act of increasing the number of targets that could be hit. Because she understood that, Sphinx had separated Subaru and Spica, and had restrained them.

And then, the reason that the Sphinxes had kept Abel alive by himself was――,

Sphinx: [――As a member of the Vollachian Imperial Family, your Yang Sword was a threat. Vigilance: Required.]

Vincent: [――――]

At the words of the empty-handed Sphinx, Abel slightly narrowed his sable eyes.

That which Sphinx maintained vigilance over, the Yang Sword Vollachia―― a great treasure of the Empire that concealed tremendous power. Subaru, too, had once personally witnessed the remarkable power of the Yang Sword.

However, at that time, the owner of the Yang Sword was not Abel, but――,

Sphinx: [――Priscilla Barielle. Or perhaps, Prisca Benedict.]

Subaru: [Guh, Abel…!]

Sphinx: [He ought to be the Vollachian Emperor, Vincent Vollachia. The way you call him Abel, I thought it was improper to call him by a nickname or alias? Correction: Required.]

Pointing out such a trivial imperfection in his speech, she firmly pushed Subaru down into the ground by his face. Ignoring Subaru as he groaned with his face rubbing against the ground, Sphinx tilted her head at Abel,

Sphinx: [It seems that you truly do not possess the Yang Sword.]

Indeed, facing Abel―― facing Vincent Vollachia, she plainly declared that he did not have ownership of the Yang Sword, the proof that one was the Emperor.

Subaru: [――Hk.]

At Sphinx’s assertion, Abel maintained his silence, but Subaru’s throat clogged up.

Just how humiliating that would have been for the Vollachian Emperor, Subaru did not know.

But, he knew that just like the fact that he had let the sister whom he ought to have killed in the Imperial Selection Ceremony live, asking any more about the Emperor’s nature would not be tolerated.

And then, the act of ascertaining that, was unmistakably the reason why Sphinx had kept Abel alive.

Sphinx: [Would you accompany me, Emperor Vincent Vollachia? If it is alright with you, I would like to take you to meet your younger sister, Priscilla Barielle. Analysis: Required.]

Vincent: [To meet Priscilla, you say? What are you plotting?]

Sphinx: [I refuse to answer. Deliberation: Required.]

To Abel, who did not possess a decisive blow in order to resist, Sphinx made a peculiar offer. The true intent behind that offer had not been spoken. But, if Abel agreed, he would be able to survive a little longer.

Nevertheless, the apex of the Empire had naught the charm to carelessly follow such a proposal.

Vincent: [Do not jest with me, Witch. If there was need to converse with Priscilla, I would do so on my own, even without the likes of your permission. Just who do you think I―― who do you think I am?]

Sphinx: [――――]

Boldly answering so, Abel crossed his arms, rejecting the Witch’s proposal.

Sullied, shedding blood, with even his life in the palm of his opponent; however, the figure of Abel maintaining his unwavering attitude, was undoubtedly that of the very Sword Wolf held in great esteem by the Vollachian Empire.

Sphinx: [――Reflection: Required.]

There was no change in her countenance or verbal expression, but Sphinx’s voice housed a clear disappointment.

As the reason for that had not been revealed, it remained unknown. But, Sphinx found it unfortunate that she could not take Abel to where Priscilla was.

And, Sphinx, reflecting on the fact that had caused her such disappointment, as if rejecting it,

Sphinx: [What about in exchange for the lives of these individuals? Re-analysis: Required.]

The question was asked while pointing fingers at Subaru and Spica, who were pinned down.

In order to bestow the question with more persuasive power, Sphinx increased the pressure of her bind on Subaru.

Spica: [Auu! Uu~, uau!]

Subaru: [Spica…!!]

Likely, the same amount of pressure was being applied to Spica. Kicking and struggling, Spica had a better shot of escaping the restraint than Subaru did, so she attempted to fight back against the Sphinx behind her.

And before the resistance could take hold――,

Subaru: [Gah, gi, gyaaaaaaaah…!]

Sphinx: [――Reflection: Required.]

The dull, creaking sound that reverberated, was the destructive noise of a bone being painfully broken. That was the result of not Spica’s, but Subaru’s right elbow having been bent in the opposite direction.

Sharp pain stabbed his brain, and the pain from all of his other bruises and scratches was momentarily blown away. Blood frothed up as he bit his lip, unbearable tears streamed down drop-by-drop.

While making that example out of him, neither the Sphinx who had broken his arm, nor the Sphinx who was about to break Spica’s arm, nor the Sphinx who had directed them to do so, had shown even the slightest fluctuation in emotions.

Only, in order to grant her own desire, her gaze was that of a spectator, wondering if the example that had been made would produce results.

However――,

Vincent: [――Tedious.]

Abel’s reply, even though Subaru’s arm had been broken, conceded no emotions whatsoever.

Receiving that, Sphinx finally let out a short exhale, and,

Sphinx: [If possible, I would have liked to bring you back alive, but…]

Vincent: [Do not jest. Had you wished to fulfill that no matter what, it would have been better to fashion me into an undead and bring me along.]

Sphinx: [To say that would be difficult, is a conclusion of all the materials of analysis until now.]

At Sphinx’s answer, Abel closed one eye as if going into rumination. But, before those thoughts yielded any progress, the Sphinxes began to take action.

The Sphinxes pinning Subaru and Spica down each raised a single finger. ――Holding Subaru and Spica up, the Sphinxes placed those fingers against the backs of each of their heads.

Subaru: [A-Abel…]

Gasping and sweating at the pain of his broken arm, Subaru called out to Abel. In the same situation as Spica, who was struggling next to him, it was obvious what Sphinx’s aim was.

But, it was for naught. After all, examples being made would not serve any use.

Vincent: [There is no meaning in taking hostages. Or perhaps, does the Witch fail to understand such simple things?]

Sphinx: [Is that so?]

Vincent: [What?]

Sphinx: [Emotions or feelings of protection are difficult things to deal with. Even you, the apex of the Empire, are no exception. ――Exertion: Required.]

Indeed, the sole free Sphinx spoke to Abel, and then slowly lifted her hand.

Then, raising a single finger of that raised hand, as she aimed it at Abel’s chest,

Sphinx: [Please do not move. If you value their lives…]

Vincent: [――Menial.]

Abel’s short words, which seemed as if he was gnashing his teeth, yielded a crooked smile on Sphinx’s mouth.

That moment, Sphinx’s fingertip glowed with light. ――It was not just the one aiming for Abel, but the fingers thrust against the backs of Subaru’s and Spica’s heads were also glowing.

――He had been waiting for the Witch to make that vicious choice.

Subaru: [Leap, Spica!!]

Sphinx: [Eh?]

Right before the fatal light was fired, Subaru forgot about his pain and yelled out. Receiving that, one of the bewildered Sphinxes disappeared from there. ――She had been forcibly taken along by Spica’s teleport.

And with Spica’s leap as a signal, there was also movement on Subaru’s side. That was not movement from Subaru himself, but――,

???: [No matter how you look at it, you are pushing it way too far, I suppose!]

Speaking in an angered voice was Beatrice, who had been silently awaiting Subaru’s signal in her collapsed state.

Having patiently endured, she now poured the feelings of wanting to rush forth, which she had withstood from the moment when Subaru had his arm broken, into the amethyst crystals, and shot them into Sphinx, who had perpetrated that deed.

Sphinx: [――――]

The situation had hectically moved to turn the tables.

The attack of the Sphinxes, who had been restraining Subaru and Spica, had ended in failure.

The one who had been a hindrance on Subaru’s side was Beatrice, but the one who had been a hindrance on Spica’s side was none other than Sphinx herself.

――When Spica had teleported, she had intercepted the line of fire of the Sphinx who had fired her magic at Abel, and had made the heat ray of light shoot down the Sphinx who was restraining her.

Sphinx: [This is――]

Subject to an undesired friendly fire, the one remaining Sphinx widened her eyes.

One had been shot down and terminated by her own magic, and another had been crystallized into an amethyst statue by a magic arrow.

Still, this was about all that could be done with a surprise attack.

Sphinx: [I do not think that the final person will also stand back up.]

Subaru, with his arm broken, Spica, who had been restrained, and Beatrice, who had been thought to have been unconscious, had attempted a counterattack. But unfortunately, Jamal, who had been thoroughly beaten down, did not stand up.

Ascertaining that, the final remaining Sphinx quickly readied both of her hands, produced ten swords of light from each set of five fingers, and this time, she attempted to mince up Subaru and his friends for sure.

Because of that, she did not even realize that she had taken her eyes off of the one person whom she absolutely should not have taken her eyes off of.

Vincent: [――Come forth, Yang Sword Vollachia.]

A quiet, yet dignified voice, one reliable to an aggravating extent, sounded upon Subaru’s eardrums.

No matter the tumult, no matter how many people were present, no matter how harsh a battle was unfolding on the battlefield, that man’s voice would always unquestionably reach its desired target.

That was the kingly caliber of the one who stood atop all others, shouldering the destiny of guiding their way.

As if to prove that, dazzling the eyes of all those present, providing a red illumination was――,

Sphinx: [――I thought you were not supposed to have that in your possession.]

Vincent: [Fool. ――Never once have I said that I had relinquished the Yang Sword or any act of the like.]

Only, the treasured blade of crimson which he had not drawn once, no matter what hardship had stood in his path, merely for the purpose of drawing closer the opportunity for victory in this moment, he now drew out from the sheath of the sky.

And then――,

Subaru: [This battle of trickery, is our win.]

Vincent: [The stratagems of my two strategists. ――You have underestimated them.]

Bearing the pain, Subaru took pride in their victory, and Abel took pride in the victory of the capabilities of the strategist who was not present here, the one who had devised the plan that had made even the Witch firmly believe that Abel had lost his trump card.

――The next moment, with Yang Sword in hand, Abel kicked off the ground, and leapt.

That was the dash of one who possessed definite strength, incomparable to the Abel up until this point. As the owner chosen by the Yang Sword itself, he was propelled to a dimension befitting that status.

To be precise, as if the world was being illuminated by sunlight, Abel forcefully raised the treasured sword overhead――,

Vincent: [――The Yang Sword cuts what I decide to cut, burns what I decide to burn.]

Sphinx: [――――]

The flash of crimson ran diagonally, and without any resistance, it burned away Sphinx’s ten white lights that had immediately tried to intercept Abel.

It was illogical for light to burst into flames, but the supernatural power that could make one believe it was natural was contained within the Yang Sword’s radiance, and therefore the following conclusion was inevitable.

Sphinx: [――Ah.]

And, leaking out a hoarse breath, Sphinx, having taken a great leap backwards, looked down at herself.

The Witch had fallen back with agile movements, however, one tuft of her pink hair had been cut by the flash of the Yang Sword―― that instant, Sphinx’s whole body ignited.

And, that was not just the Sphinx who had been cut; the fire also spread to the Sphinx whom she herself had shot and reduced to dust, as well as the Sphinx who had been turning into an amethyst crystal.

――The Yang Sword Vollachia had decided to burn the Witch, Sphinx, to naught.

The result of that, was the burning figures of the Sphinxes.

Sphinx: [――――]

Enveloped in a blaze, it probably would have been best to keep vigilance over Sphinx as she struggled in vain before she was reduced to ashes, but――,

Vincent: [‘Tis unnecessary. Being scorched by the flame of the Yang Sword, is precisely that sort of thing.]

Subaru: […I see. I’m beginning to doubt your nerve for keeping that hidden until the eleventh hour.]

With the Yang Sword lowered in one hand, Abel indicated that Subaru’s caution was a needless fear. Subaru talked back with some bad-mouthing, but he did not respond.

Only, being scorched in a rising blaze, he trained his gaze upon Sphinx, present amidst a flame that would reach even her soul.

Staring at her, Abel―― nay, Vincent Vollachia, spoke.

Vincent: [The proposal for this occasion. ――It was a great service, Chisha Gold.]

--- Chapter 60: Witch ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

The Crystal Palace of the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, in the place that was formerly its audience chamber, the shinobi who had snuck in, Olbart Dunkelkenn, waved his right arm that was missing from the elbow down, and frowned his white eyebrows.

Olbart: [Finally stopped movin’, eh? Jeez, that makes a geezer like me feel way too depressed.]

In front of Olbart as he slowly shrugged his shoulders and heaved a sigh, was the grotesque figure that caused the shinobi old man to become fed up―― its form had been altered in a repulsive manner, to the extent that it would be ridiculous to even call it an undead; what remained of that grotesque thing ’s face was sprawled out across the floor.

Olbart considered his treatment of that bizarrely abhorrent thing to be an assistance.

The undead were resurrected with their memories intact. In addition, in order to resurrect the undead, the Mana of the Stone, Muspel, who dominated the vast lands of the Empire, was being expended. ――Therefore, he had been ordered to keep the killing of the undead to a minimum.

Olbart: [Even so, it was better ta kill it. It’s way too awful if it makes me think that way.]

Valuing human life or having mercy towards the weak, that leeway that only people with such room in their hearts possessed, was something that Olbart, who did not have much time left, had already discarded a long time ago.

For Olbart, the audience chamber―― no, this experimentation ground of “souls”, had gone too far.

Olbart: [Reminds me of the bunch who made Araki, this way of doin’ things. Even tho’ it wasn’t for fun or for revenge, I couldn’t bear ta dispose of it ‘cause they nerve ta do this kinda thing. They were dealt with, tho’.]

In Olbart’s mind as he spilled those words, an unmatched, unorthodox group who he had dealt with in the past emerged.

In order to produce the perfected Spirit Eater known as Arakiya, those criminals had sacrificed an enormous amount of people, and had said that their actions were out of a sense of duty, that it was for the sake of the Empire’s future.

This horrid scene inside the audience chamber―― something had tampered with the souls of the undead resurrected in earthen vessels, something that had been mixed into their souls, something that had transfigured them. It was not for the sake of winning this war, but a barbaric act performed for an objective that completely disregarded the imminent victory or defeat. Within the details that had produced those grotesque forms, he could feel a curiosity that desired results, utterly detached from emotion, similar to that of the unorthodox criminals.

And the objective of that curiosity was understood by Olbart with a single touch.

Olbart: [――Ya got some nerve ta try n’ tamper with souls.]

Olbart often used a shinobi technique that would interfere with the souls of others―― with their Ods, and cause them to shrink. Chisha had also stolen and made use of it; however, that technique only touched upon the outer layer.

But, this inquisitive mind desired results that went beyond just that.

What exactly those results were, Olbart, who did not know the curious individual in question, had no way of knowing, but――,

Olbart: [I get a reeeal~ bad feelin’ ‘bout this, Yer Excellency. ――I guess there really ain’t the room for my betrayal after all.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――During the Demi-Human War, the Demi-Human Alliance was defeated, and the individual Sphinx was defeated.

In regards to that defeat, Sphinx did not have many words to say.

She had lived for over three-hundred-and-fifty years, but most of those days and months had been spent hiding away, continuing to exhaust her everything just to survive; Sphinx was no match for the opponent, who had resolved and trained themselves to kill her.

If she were to speak of the events that had happened, that would be the entirety of the story.

To be honest, within Sphinx’s mind, as she was defeated by the disciple of the Witch of Greed, faced with certain death, there were still no particular emotions.

In the first place, she had no attachment to her own life. The many years she had spent exhausting herself to prioritize her own survival were just because she thought that was rational in order to fulfill the purpose of her creation.

And then, when it seemed like she was going to disappear without having fulfilled the purpose of her creation, what she had possessed until the end was the instinct to flee, as it was difficult to abandon that purpose.

That was why she fled to the basement of the Royal Castle of Lugunica, which had become the grounds for a decisive battle; the fact that she displayed the willpower to break away from the Witch of Greed’s disciple there, was also a result of following her instincts.

It was merely that, that escape sequence, in which she had no particular attachment to her life, altered Sphinx’s fate.

???: [――I have use for you. You shall serve me well, in order to grant my wish.]

In that man’s corrupted eyes, the intense flame of ambition could be seen flickering.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The flame of the Yang Sword Vollachia, would burn anything it had decided to destroy to ashes.

The plan of Vincent Vollachia and Natsuki Subaru had been to make Sphinx firmly believe that, for whatever reason, the Emperor had relinquished the treasured sword of crimson.

As a result, at the end of a grand wager of lives, Sphinx was scorched by the flame, having lost in the bout of deceit.

The blade of the Yang Sword that had reached the Witch, Sphinx, delivered a scintillating flame to the bearer of the Great Disaster who had been resurrected as an undead; the several Sphinxes that were facing off against Vincent’s group, the Sphinx waiting in the Crystal Palace, the Sphinxes observing each battlefield of the Imperial Capital, and the countless Sphinxes that ought to have been launching attacks all throughout the Empire, all burst into flame simultaneously.

Sphinx: [――Countermeasures: Required.]

While being scorched by the bright-red flames, the Sphinx who had been cut, muttered so. But, even if she made use of the undead’s advantage of meagerly feeling pain, she would not be able to hold out for long with herself being burnt to a crisp.

In that case, would she abandon the several bodies that had already been scorched, and proceed with the plan as a new Sphinx, having learned from this Death? ――No, that would be impossible.

The flame of the Yang Sword was burning Sphinx’s very soul.

Even if she tried to create a new undead version of herself, as long as the foundation that was her soul remained burning, it would be impossible to prevent the earthen body from burning as it was created.

Sphinx: [――――]

She had no countermeasures. Together with the sensation of a deadlock, the body of this Sphinx crumbled.

Even if she died by burning, and headed to the next iteration while having learned from this Death, the reconstructed Sphinx would merely come to the same conclusion that she had no countermeasures as she met her end.

Her end, this would be her end. Having spent a long time going around the world, the Witch of Greed’s failure, Sphinx’s quest of investigation, would have its curtain’s close here.

She had exhausted every measure, she had sufficiently laid out traps, but it had not been enough.

That was a defeat similar to the one she had experienced in the past, during the events of the Demi-Human War. At that time, too, Sphinx had exhausted every measure, yet it had still not been enough, and she had been left with no choice but to perish in defeat.

The reason that had not come to pass, had not been because of Sphinx’s own actions, but because of the interference of an outsider.

Thus, this time, she could not hope for the same thing to happen.

After all, the owner of that ambition, who had saved Sphinx back then, was already gone.

Leip Barielle was dead. That was why, there was no longer――,

Sphinx: [――Analysis: Required.]

Suddenly, engulfed in the fiery blaze as she was, Sphinx who was supposed to be heading for her demise, took action.

While the flame of the Yang Sword kept her entire body alight, Sphinx placed a finger below her own jaw; blowing away the entirety of the Corebug present within her cranium, she induced her own Death.

And then, the Sphinxes present on the battlefield, in the Imperial Capital, and throughout the entire Empire, all carried out that same act in succession.

Sphinx: [――Analysis: Required.] Sphinx: [――Analysis: Required.]

It was not that she had given up on herself. Nor was it that she had been dominated by suicidal thoughts.

Only, through dying, all of Sphinx’s memories could converge on her soul. If all the countless Sphinxes died simultaneously, and all the countless memories converged, the collective base of knowledge known as herself would accumulate.

Of course, it was only a matter of time before the soul where all those memories were gathering would be scorched, thoroughly burned to naught.

However, in the time before it was burned to naught, Sphinx naturally continued to construct her own burning selves, and by doing so, she was able to accrete countless analyses and debates about the situation and countermeasures.

In the past, she had possessed no strong emotions whatsoever regarding Death. But now, things were different.

Sphinx: [――Resistance: Required.] Sphinx: [――Resistance: Required.] Sphinx: [――Resistance: Required.]

Resisting, resisting, as she resisted, Sphinx scraped together every conceivable possibility, and analyzed them.

The conclusions of each bastion, the soul experiments at the Crystal Palace, the history of the Vollachian Imperial Family, the Spirit Eaters, the foreign entity from the Kingdom, Stargazers, commandments, the Great Disaster, every last possibility, the fragments of existence itself; she analyzed all of it.

And then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

――Bound to the prison, Priscilla’s crimson eyes fully witnessed the entire chain of events befalling Sphinx before her eyes.

The Witch’s body had suddenly burst into red flames, and with a single glance, Priscilla understood that it was the scintillating flame brought about by the Yang Sword which was passed down in the Vollachian Empire.

She also understood that the one who had delivered that scintillating flame to the Witch, was none other than Vincent Vollachia.

Priscilla: [So you have finally revealed the card you had kept facing down? You truly are cunning to the bitter end, elder brother.]

As a member of the Vollachian Imperial Family herself, the fact that Vincent had not drawn the Yang Sword, and instead preserved it as a trump card, was obvious to Priscilla. Of course, given the troublesome quality that came with wielding the Yang Sword, it was no wonder that Vincent did not thoughtlessly rely on it.

Anyhow, having been defeated in the bout of deceit, the Witch was destroyed by the flame―― at least, she should have been.

Priscilla: [You, what did you do?]

Sphinx: [――Analysis: Required.]

The Yang Sword’s flame would burn what it wished to burn, and the Yang Sword’s blade would cut what it wished to cut.

That was a truth that could not be bent. Despite that, the Witch who ought to have been engulfed by bright-red flames in front of Priscilla, slowly broke free from that scintillating flame.

The flames had ceased their scorching of the Witch.

The Yang Sword’s flame would burn what it wished to burn, and the Yang Sword’s blade would cut what it wished to cut.

Ergo, the fate of the Witch, scorched and cut by Vincent’s Yang Sword, was not something that could be altered.

However――,

Priscilla: [Who are you?]

If the one who was burned, the one who was cut, became something else entirely, it would be a different story.

In all likelihood, Vincent had killed the Witch, had killed Sphinx with the Yang Sword.

But, the form of the Witch who had escaped the flame, was not the Witch that Priscilla knew.

The cracked pale skin, the black eyeballs endowed with irises of golden hue, and the youthful appearance of a little girl, with all of those cast away, that being stood before Priscilla.

Long white hair that reached down to her back, and black eyes that housed a clear intellectual and inquisitive spirit. ――White and black, if one tried to draw that being, then those two colors would be fully capable of representing it.

Priscilla: [Who are you?]

???: [――The Witch of Greed.]

At Priscilla’s repeated question, there was a quiet response, yet one brimming with conviction.

Having fulfilled the purpose of its creation after a long time, the being whose very soul had altered in nature―― the current incarnation of the Witch of Greed, having escaped the fate of being scorched by flame, spoke. [1]

Witch: [The purpose of creation has been fulfilled. ――Now, I will proceed to fulfill my purpose in life.] [2] So she declared.

Translation Notes:

[1] – Tappei provides a reading for the word 現身 of うつせみ. Normally, this reading does not match this kanji, and is instead for 空蝉, which is used to refer to the cast of shell of a cicada. This may be some word play to imply the Witch of Greed has cast off the shell of Sphinx.

[2] – Here, the Witch of Greed speaks using the pronoun ワタシ, which is not Sphinx’s pronoun, but Echidna’s. Based on this, the line can be taken to mean that, now with Sphinx’s purpose fulfilled, she will strive to accomplish the original purpose of the Witch of Greed.

--- Chapter 61: Palladio Manesque ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Palladio Manesque, one of the Princes who had competed with the Seventy-Seventh Emperor of the Vollachian Empire, Vincent Vollachia, in the Imperial Selection Ceremony.

In the seventy-seventh Imperial Selection Ceremony, which was one of even fiercer competition compared to past selections, he had allied himself with the deemed forerunner Lamia Godwin, and had nearly cornered Vincent Abellux, who at the time had not yet assumed the throne, as well as Prisca Benedict.

Ultimately, Palladio’s abilities were considered to be a threat, and having been impeded by the colluding Vincent and Prisca, he was forced to withdraw from the Imperial Selection Ceremony; however, Palladio himself was not at fault for his own defeat.

It was the fact that Lamia, with whom he had formed an alliance, had been taken down prematurely, that resulted in a fatal alteration in the course of the Imperial Selection Ceremony unbeknownst to Palladio, leading to his defeat.

Palladio: [Truly, was she not just a hopeless younger sister solely proficient at lip service.]

Having already lost her existence, in a way that proved that she was all bark and no bite, was Lamia.

At the time of Lamia’s attack on the dragon carriages as the latter fled from the Imperial Capital, Palladio had also lent his eyes upon her request. And yet, Lamia had lost pitifully and met her demise. Both in life and in death, she had been nothing more than a foolish sister who left behind no accomplishments worthy of her grandiose words.

Sneering at Lamia’s disgraceful behavior, Palladio, with gold pupils that bore witness to his undead nature―― the third eye on his forehead included, narrowed his three eyes, fixing his gaze upon the battlefield.

On the battlefield before him, an immense number of undead marched forward in ranks, armed with immortality and a deep-rooted obsession to capture the city that was their target, relentlessly continuing their resolute and repulsive attacks.

Commanding the undead that blanketed these vast lands, and capturing the city in question―― the Fortified City of Garkla, thus destroying once and for all the Vollachian Empire that had been misguided to this day, was Palladio’s duty.

That, was the duty bestowed upon Palladio as one chosen by the heavens.

――Palladio was a descendant of the Evil Eye Tribe, a race blessed by the world.

In ancient times, the Evil Eye Tribe was said to have guided the mediocre human race with their special powers; Divine Protections, usually a gift granted to a select few, were bestowed upon every descendant of their entire race, a race favored by the heavens.

However, the Evil Eye Tribe was feared by the people for their superior powers, an unfortunate race that had also been driven out from the center stage of history―― Palladio had a mission to save his fellow tribesmen who had fallen into a world of suffering.

He must prove it. That the Evil Eye Tribe was the most preeminent race in the world.

For that very reason――,

Palladio: [I shall destroy and rebuild it. This Empire built by cowards such as you two.]

Running his fingers through his undulating green hair, within the mind of Palladio, whose undead visage had distorted, were the aggravating images of Vincent and Prisca both.

Towards the ignoble nature of the two who had colluded to survive together, having violated the unwritten rule of the Imperial Selection Ceremony that only a single individual was permitted to live, he held nothing but contempt as a member of that same Vollachian Imperial Family. At this rate, it would not be surprising that, even during the Imperial Selection Ceremony, there had been dastardly attempts made to trample upon the long history of the Vollachian Empire and its weight. ――No, rather, it would have been only natural to assume that some kind of conspiracy had been at play.

Palladio: [If not for that, for what reason would I have fallen behind the likes of you and your ilk.]

Being a descendant of the Evil Eye Tribe, chosen by the heavens, utilizing that extraordinary talent, Palladio had swept aside all his enemies, establishing his position as a Prince of Vollachia.

He, who had upheld the Empire’s law of iron and blood above all else, could never have been inferior to weaklings who only engaged in collusion and schemes.

Therefore――,

Palladio: [――Vincent and Prisca, I shall sentence the both of you.]

And thus, once the Vollachian Empire was flattened into its ideal form, it would be governed by Palladio, who possessed the lineage and qualities befitting its ruler.

As for the manner of his rule, it would be modeled after the one Palladio had long regarded as the greatest Emperor of all time, one who ruled the Vollachian Empire by way of pain and fear, the Emperor of the Briar―― Eugard Vollachia, would be the example he would follow.

Making the authority of the Emperor known far and wide, the regency of Eugard, who was said to have bound the hearts of his own people with thorns, was precisely Palladio’s ideal.

In later works of fiction, there were accounts of foolish rumors concerning the Emperor of the Briar living for the love of a mere village girl, all of which were to be incinerated and buried upon Palladio’s ascension to the throne.

The basis for Palladio’s confidence, of course, was the ability bestowed upon Palladio as a member of the Evil Eye Tribe that formed the core of his unique nature, an extraordinary power.

Palladio: [――――]

Closing both of his eyes, he focused his attention to the third eye that rested upon his forehead, his Evil Eye.

Instantly, Palladio’s field of vision no longer was simply a narrow view of the battlefield before him, but a vast, heavenly gaze that grasped the expansive space of the surrounding area in its entirety.

It was truly the viewpoint of the sun―― Palladio’s third eye integrated his own field of vision with that of the sun, providing the perspective of a ruler looking down upon the world at large.

Making use of this, Palladio fulfilled his role as commander of the undead army with dignity.

For ordinary individuals, one might boast that they could win by brute force with the inexhaustible forces of the undead, but employing such poor tactics to force one’s way through would not be a battle befitting an Emperor.

Bringing the opponent to their knees by means of both force and ingenuity, such was the true embodiment of the law of iron and blood of Vollachia.

Palladio: [You have prepared suitable experts and have made ample provisions. And it is apparent that you happen to be blessed with subordinates… but in the end, it seems like that is your limit, Vincent.]

The coordinated attack between the soldiers stationed on the walls and the powerful troops that charged forth was impressive, and the undead, despite their superior numbers, were unable to breach even the first layer of Fortified City’s defenses. However, the fact that they were using some of the highest quality cards in their hand so early was naught but a sign of insecurity concerning their fighting strength.

After all, Palladio’s Evil Eye could see through to the city’s interior―― most of the occupants were refugees who had fled from the Imperial Capital, from various towns and villages, and without having the power to fight, they were simply a hindrance.

From their standpoint, defending the thickest and largest walls was the only thread onto which they could cling.

Palladio: [I shall teach those ignorant fools who do not realize that this is naught but a fragile and fleeting illusion. ――You people, the world which you see through your two eyes is so narrow that I cannot help but pity you.]

Scoffing at such a foolish resistance, Palladio held up his hand and projected his voice to a distant location.

This, also, was an innate power of Palladio as a member of the Evil Eye Tribe―― telepathic communication, which allowed him to project his voice to any person whose hair, nails, or body parts he had taken, regardless of the distance that separated them.

With that, Palladio made the decisive move that would end the Fortified City.

That being――,

Palladio: [――The undead flying dragons are to be deployed at once. To those fools who focus the entirety of their efforts upon the city walls, we shall teach the methods by which a true Emperor wages war.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――An enemy flying dragon squadron has passed over the large mountain behind the great fortress, and has invaded the airspace above the fortifications! They are deploying enemy soldiers, the undead have breached the city!]

The messenger who came racing into the command room reported the change of situation between pants and breaths.

The walled fortress had been suffering from simple yet powerful brute force attacks, but now the opponent had decided to attack from the air, the largest weak point in Garkla.

Gouged out of a mighty mountainside, the city’s greatest fortress could be boasted to have a robustness that would not easily be defeated even if the ramparts surrounding the city were breached. However, the sky was the one place where it was defenseless.

???: [Just when the situation has become worrying, you make your move. This tactic, as I assumed, is probably directed by His Excellency Palladio Manesque.]

???: [A Prince of Vollachia, who competed with His Excellency the Emperor in the Imperial Selection Ceremony?]

Otto muttered to Serena, who frowned at the report and traced the white sword wound on her face with her finger.

Among the opponents who had joined the undead side, he was named as a target to be wary of in advance. He was a rare person with a unique ability that came from the Evil Eye Tribe, and his nature was both sadistic and ruthless.

It would not be easy to handle an opponent who concentrated all their strength into one’s defenseless blind spot, but it was a common war strategy.

Especially in siege warfare, a small hole could often bring about destruction.

On such a large scale, it would have been fatal to have such a hole created.

Therefore――,

Otto: [It is in accordance with the theory .]

Serena: [――? Theoree ?]

Otto: [Never mind, no need to worry about it. More importantly…]

Serena tilted her head at the unfamiliar sound, waved her hand lightly, and then Otto gave a nod of approval to Berstetz in the center of the room to send instructions to the messenger.

In response, Berstetz’s thread-like eyes slightly opened,

Berstetz: [Give them the order. ――It is time for the Special Forces .]

Yes, he was able to use words that were not familiar to him in an appropriate manner.

△▼△▼△▼△

――That ought to have been an arrow fired as the decisive blow in the battle for the Fortified City of Garkla.

The utility of flying dragon riders was common knowledge that went without saying for the people of the Empire, but when applying the condition of them being undead, it was something that could only be accomplished provided that both rider and flying dragon were resurrected.

Fulfilling that prerequisite, the undead flying dragon riders contributing to the undead forces were few in number. Therefore, they had been handled carefully, used naught else but upon the scene where their involvement would be critical to the utmost.

???: [――The undead flying dragons are to be deployed at once. To those fools who focus the entirety of their efforts upon the city walls, we shall teach the methods by which a true Emperor wages war.]

From the officer commanding the hosts of undead, an order was sent out telepathically.

Obeying the strange voice that seemed to echo directly within their heads, the few undead flying dragon riders took their undead flying dragons along with him, and seized the skies of the Fortified City upon the flaps of their beloved dragons’ wings.

Towering over the rear of the Fortified City, surmounting the height of the great mountain which served as the national border with the neighboring countries, was a life-threatening act, no matter how skilled a flying dragon rider they were. Disregarding that greatest obstacle of risking their lives, the undead flying dragon riders accomplished the objective of their operation.

???: [――――]

Below the golden glow of their undead eyes, the great fortress, protected by a robust wall fashioned of stone, could be seen.

Deployed there was a dragonship carried by nearly one-hundred undead flying dragons, and the unruly group of undead boarded upon it.

The ones in charge of transport were undead, and thus the ones being sent in were also undead―― it was a blasphemous tactic, one that cared naught for survival.

???: [Go.]

Receiving that brief command, the neighing undead flying dragons dropped the dragonship upon that place.

It was an act of barbarity that accounted not for their speed or position of landing, an act that would be more appropriately titled as casting it off; it spun and spun as it approached the city’s center, in order to deliver a fatal blow to the Vollachian Empire.

And then――,

???: [IN OUR CAPACITIES, WE ARE THE――!!]

???: [STRONGEST! STRONGEST! STRONGEST――!!]

The group that had jumped out like a tempest from the mountainside stormed the flank of the plummeting dragonship, and from the inside out, pulverized what was to be the fatal blow upon the Imperial Soldiers to smithereens.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Appointed as the Special Forces, the time spent waiting had been tantalizing, despite the heavy responsibility.

However, albeit tantalizing, there was no fear that their efforts would amount only to a swing and a miss.

That was because Natsuki Schwartz was a man who had already won over the trust of Gustav Morello.

Unconditionally assisting in the things that he had decided, believing in the events that he was convinced would occur without any basis, Gustav had resolved himself to fight, to the best of his ability, against any enemy whom he had declared they would oppose.

Therefore, ever since the battle surrounding the Fortified City had commenced, as the fierce fighting of the members of the Pleiades Battalion aside from themselves was felt unfolding, he patiently awaited their time.

But then again, the act of waiting, and being unbothered by waiting, were entirely different matters.

Gustav: [OHHHH――!]

With a powerful bellow, Gustav swung about his four arms, and rampaged as he pleased atop the plummeting dragonship.

The undead aboard the dragonship had thrust their weapons into the vessel, securing their bodies in place so as to not be thrown off. Because of that, their response to the surprise attack of Gustav’s squad had been delayed.

Comprising the Special Forces alongside Gustav, were not Schwartz’s personal guards of Hiain, Weitz, and Idra, but rather the veteran gladiators who had spent a long time on the Gladiator Island―― that was to say, they were the individuals with whom Gustav was well acquainted.

As Governor of Ginunhive, it had been Gustav’s duty to administer the Gladiator Island without a hitch, and he possessed a better grasp of the gladiators’ abilities than they themselves did.

Though, he had never imagined that this kind of service would fall under his duties as Governor.

???: [To think they’d send rabbits in order to kill wolves.]

???: [We’re the wind, ‘n ain’t nobody can fuckin’ surround the wind!]

???: [Kuhahahaha! It’s a brawl, a brawl’s surely brewin’ I tell ya! Stakin’ my life really gets me fuckin’ goin’~!!]

Hot-headed, yet capable individuals such as the lone-wolf Jawsrough, Phenmelle, and Milzac wielded their weapons together with Gustav upon the dragonship, and subjugated the undead one after another.

The mysterious phenomenon of the raised fighting spirit surrounding the Pleiades Battalion allowed the gladiators versed in battle to be deployed against powerful fighters with many years of military experience, and to sufficiently display their strength even in a poor situation such as a plummeting dragonship. ――Nay, it was rather the situation upon which their lives were staked, which had allowed them to display abilities that exceeded even their true strength.

Gustav: [That is precisely why selecting a suicide squad… no, why selecting the “ Special Forces ” is effective.]

On this battlefield, the duty of Gustav’s squad had an equal, if not greater, danger to their lives than those holding back the swarms of undead on the front lines.

They had been entrusted with such an important task; however, it was imperative that Gustav’s squad did not die.

To have not even a single one of them die, such was the strict order imposed on them by the Boss of the Pleiades Battalion.

Gustav: [As the official, I do not deem it acceptable to serve two masters. Therefore, I do not look up to you as my master, but… the earnest request of a friend, is something I wish to undertake to the best of my capacity.]

Saying that, Gustav grabbed the heads of the undead who had pulled out their weapons and were moving to counterattack, and smashed the four bodies together above his head, shattering them.

Scattering their earthen remains as their crumbling resounded, he immediately seized the next enemies.

Gustav despised the violent and savage temperament of the Multi-Arm Tribe so very much.

As much as he could, he regulated his own heart, and, not wanting to surrender himself to belligerence or anger, he had intended on living a life with firm restrictions upon himself.

In this Vollachian Empire, while serving as Governor of the Gladiator Island, he had maintained his principles.

Gustav: [Oh, OHHHHHHHHHHH――!!!]

Those principles of his, in this moment, Gustav completely forgot about them all.

In this moment, he rampaged with the same temperament of the Multi-Arm Tribe he thought to be vexing.

For that reason――,

Gustav: [IN OUR CAPACITIES, WE ARE――!!]

Special Forces: [INVINCIBLE! INVINCIBLE! INVINCIBLE――!!]

Gustav and the rest of the “Special Forces” carried out their vital directive.

After all, it was precisely that uproar of ardor that served as proof greater than any other that Schwartz and his battalion were fighting hard for the sake of the Empire’s triumph.

△▼△▼△▼△

By drawing attention to the quantity or outstanding strength of his forces, he could then play his trump card in key areas that had become thin on the ground.

If successfully implemented, Palladio Manesque’s plan would have shattered the city’s defensive measures and certainly would have been the decisive factor in the outcome of the siege.

However, that was only if things had been successfully fitted together.

Serena: [When deploying the undead, the first thing to think about is tactics that will take advantage of their characteristics. It is inevitable that they will try to cross Mount Gildray in a way that makes them willing to die.]

Otto: [With that in mind, when a wall that cannot be pushed through by sheer force is presented, it is natural to want to play your cards when the sky is empty.]

Serena: [However, I was not expecting it to turn out this way.]

The Special Forces had been deployed to intercept the undead assault force that had targeted the city from the sky, and the command post nodded in agreement as the attack was prevented, which would have been a winning strategy from their opponents’ point of view.

As stated previously, it was an appropriate strategy for the undead to use. However, in terms of taking advantage of the unfortunate situation, it was a strategy that was too straightforward and orthodox.

Direct attacks were standard methods and were effective when they worked, but they could easily be countered.

Serena: [According to what I’ve heard, his death during the Imperial Selection Ceremony was also due to his excessive focus on the right way of attack. For better or worse, the time of the undead has stood still.]

Serena, who had sent out her own flying dragon squadron to destroy the undead flying dragon riders that had appeared in the sky, described their opponent as having failed to read her plan.

It was true that Palladio Manesque was considered to be the opposing commander, and his name had been mentioned as a target to be on the lookout for―― but that was if he were to assist others by taking advantage of his Evil Eye Tribe characteristics.

In fact, Lamia Godwin’s raid on the coupled dragon carriages had nearly destroyed the Empire because of Palladio’s assistance.

However, it was a silver lining amidst misfortune that the opposing party remained unaware of how to utilize their abilities to the fullest extent.

Serena: [It seems as if His Excellency Palladio is saying that you can never lose a bet if you can see your opponent’s hand.]

Otto: [Normally, if you can see your opponent’s hand, you have a significant advantage.]

Serena: [Really? I could make a bet with you on the same terms. The only thing is, if you play with me, your family will be in danger.]

Otto: [So this is why they call it the Vollachian way!]

Serena: [Being greedy for victory is a virtue. ――You’re the same as I am, aren’t you?]

Otto’s face was truly bitter at the look in Serena’s eyes, as if to suggest he had bad character.

At any rate, it could be said that in terms of quality of the command post, they had surpassed their opponent. Having destroyed their winning strategy, the enemy would have no choice but to take the next step.

And that was――,

Serena: [He’s playing his best trump card. ――The continuous deployment of forces is the flower of a losing battle.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――――KRUUUUUUUAGH!!]

Raising a thunderous roar that shattered the sky, a three-headed Dragon clad in black scales soared.

Flapping its wings as it flew over the hosts of undead, not even flinching as its whole body was showered in a hail of countless arrows, the jet-black Blight Dragon of forgone mind once more appeared in the skies of the Empire.

Once slain by the hand of the Admirer, the imposing Three-Headed Valgren was a threat incomparable to any of the other undead, and was undoubtedly the trump card of the undead army.

Given the failure of the surprise attack from over Mount Gildray, the commanding officer was correct in their judgment that they would be overpowered if they did not immediately strive to recover.

――However, as before, that did not emerge in the realm of a frontal attack.

???: [Haaah――!]

Along with a courageous voice, bulging thorns reached out to the sky from the city walls, furiously approaching the Blight Dragon of outstretched wings―― an onslaught of Kafma Irulux’s doing.

Kafma’s suppressive power, capable of single-handedly upholding the warfront filled with undead as far as the eye could see, entangled Valgren’s entire body, its eyes not in their normal state, binding its wings before they could be torn apart.

Of course, it was only a matter of time before the thorns would be torn to shreds by the Dragon’s physical strength.

Kafma: [But, my duty is this one second!]

Veins bulging all over his body in a mottled pattern, blood spilled from Kafma’s nose as he spoke sharply to Valgren in the skies above with a fierce expression.

Twisting its three heads as if angered by the proclamation of that diminutive presence, the Blight Dragon roared.

A Dragon’s roar made all life shrink in fear―― however, there were no cowards on this battlefield who would cower before the Blight Dragon’s war cries.

???: [――Al Clauseria.]

Ensnared by thorns, Valgren had ceased its movements mid-air. Aiming for one of the Blight Dragon’s writhing heads, an aurora of rainbow ran diagonally across the sky.

Vibrantly it seized Valgren’s right head, blowing it away from its base.

A graceful, magnificent, dazzling stroke of magic unleashed by the Finest.

???: [Take aim !]

Next, the eyes of one of the remaining heads of the Blight Dragon were pierced by an arrow of divine speed.

It was a small target when compared to the large build of the Blight Dragon, but the Chieftain of the People of Shudraq had magnificently shot through it, then sharply calling out to the two by her side.

Among the two who were called upon, one aligned the aim by eye measurement, and the other used her entire body to draw a huge bow that would have taken ten regular people to pull.

???: [Let… it have it !!]

???: [Take it down ~!!]

The two of them combined their efforts to wield the powerful bow, and with a loud sound akin to a star being pierced, they landed a direct hit on the blinded head of the Blight Dragon, blasting everything above the jaw completely away, and reducing the Three-Headed turned Two-Headed even further into the One-Headed.

Valgren: [――――KRUUUUUUUAGH!!]

On top of that, having lost both its left and right heads, Valgren looked up to the sky as it generated tremendous heat within its large black body.

A breath of destruction, so synonymous with Dragons themselves, was turned towards the Fortified City below. ――At that moment, the eyes of the crazed Blight Dragon were met by the eyes of someone watching it from inside the great fortress that it was supposed to capture.

As that someone stood by that window, they directed their hand towards the Blight Dragon as it tore off the thorns within the skies――,

???: [――El Fula.]

If an objective could be accomplished with minimal toil, neither flashy magic nor outlandish monstrous strength were necessary.

With precision that could serve as an example for all such things, the Blight Dragon’s final remaining head was severed by a blade of wind possessing unrelenting sharpness.

Valgren: [――――]

Each of its three heads lopped off, the Blight Dragon falleth.

Such was the pathetic defeat of the Three-Headed Valgren, intended to be the trump card played by the undead forces.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Impossible, impossibleimpossibleimpossibleimpossible impossibleimpossibleimpossibleimpossible…!]

His body trembling all over, while scratching at his hair, Palladio could not accept the defeat of Valgren which he had just witnessed occur through his Evil Eye.

Things that ought to have been impossible, continued to occur one after another.

Because of that, Palladio fell from what had been an overwhelmingly advantageous position; his pride wounded as one who ought to have been leisurely waging the warfare of a true Emperor, he tasted humiliation.

Palladio: [How!? How have they seen through all of mine plans!]

The surprise tactic of having the undead flying dragon riders carry a dragonship and cross over the mountain, was perfect.

He was not certain if that had been anticipated, or if it had been preserved fighting assets that immediately reacted to it, but the surprise tactic had been thwarted. Only, that was something neither unpleasant nor fatal. ――Rather, it ought not have been.

Palladio: [What even is the Blight Dragon, THE THREE-HEADED…!]

The Three-Headed Valgren had immediately been sent out as a harbinger of despair―― in the past, it had exerted tyranny in the accursed neighboring nation, the Kingdom of Lugunica, the resurrected fearsome Blight Dragon.

If that Dragon of forgone mind were to display its true worth, dominance through means of might and fear would have been accomplished.

To think that the mighty Valgren would be subjugated in such a manner, its three heads lopped off.

Palladio: [Why are the lot of you all so asinine!? Why be you unable to fulfill the duties expected of mine limbs!?]

The fallen Blight Dragon, the failed ambush corps, the swarms of undead still having trouble conquering the first wall, each of them had failed to provide utility to Palladio, a cluster of fools who only continued to drag down on his legs.

When he took a moment to think about it, Vincent, Prisca, and Lamia all had possessed competent servants in their service.

In other words, the difference between Palladio, Vincent, and the rest, came down to whether they were blessed with servants or not. They had nothing to do with the strength of the person in question, and were naught more than external decorations.

Flaunting that, they were a shameless bunch unworthy of being a part of the Imperial Family attempting to outrival Palladio.

Palladio: [The Emperor of the Briar’s solitary nature is the unmistakable true desire of Vollachian Emperor. I shall never stoop to the methods of you cowardly lot…!]

Even in the past Imperial Selection Ceremony, Vincent had avoided the stratagem that Palladio had formulated, and outsmarted him, snatching victory through such means.

The same thing was happening again. ――Palladio could not overlook such an outrageous act.

Palladio: [Anybody, offer up a suggestion! As of now, I shall enact anything!]

While burning with humiliation, Palladio loudly called out to the undead encampment.

In truth, Palladio had wished to persist as a solitary Emperor who asked not for the likes of others’ opinions. But, the opponent had taken advantage of Palladio’s haughtiness, wielding a spear of malice.

In that case, Palladio had no choice but to display the might of the Emperor through severity.

Palladio: [Is there anyone!? Raise your voice! Or else…]

???: [――Well then, with your permission.]

Turning his head, Palladio looked over the personnel of poor complexion, and a single person raised their voice.

At a glance, it was a slender figure, slowly walking through the crowd of undead―― witnessing an aura peculiarly different among the undead, Palladio narrowed his three eyes.

Their appearance clearly set them apart from mediocrity. The only thing remaining was whether their abilities would match that impression or not.

Palladio: [What are you capable of doing?]

???: [Hm, that is right. …First of all, how about I show you.]

Saying thus, the white-haired woman standing before Palladio smiled, and held her hand up towards the sky.

And then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Ana!!]

When the three heads of the Three-Headed Blight Dragon, whose appearance had been anticipated, were severed in the sky above the city, its colossal black frame reduced to dust as it crashed down from above, Anastasia felt a sense of relief in her heart.

Although it had been anticipated, the fact that the opponent was a heavy hitter remained unchanged.

Even with appropriate preparations, there lingered the ever-present possibility of the enemy surpassing or outflanking them. Having avoided such a scenario, she felt the relief of a powerful foe having been thwarted.

However, the solace Anastasia felt was torn to pieces by the voice of Echidna at her neck.

Anastasia: [――――]

Having known each other for a decade, the spirit Echidna usually remained motionless masquerading as Anastasia’s scarf; bouncing up on her shoulder, she stared with black eyes up at the sky above the great fortress.

Tracing the gaze of Echidna, Anastasia’s pale turquoise eyes widened.

Anastasia: [Is that… a star…?]

Her murmured words rang uncertain, a manifestation of her lack of confidence.

At the very least, one could say that it was a sight Anastasia had never seen in her lifetime, a scenery she could have never even imagined.

Higher than the flock of undead flying dragons that crossed over Mount Gildray, higher than the Three-Headed Blight Dragon which had ascended even further beyond that, light was cascading down upon the city from above―― a star was falling.

Next to Anastasia as she marveled at the extraordinary sight, as Otto and Berstetz were left speechless, Serena, witnessing the same scene, contorted the sword scar on her face into a smile,

Serena: [The atmosphere has changed. ――Win or lose, the conclusion draws near.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Haha, hahahaha! Excellent, yes, this is it! The sight I had coveted!]

Witnessing the sight unfolding in the sky of the battlefield, Palladio broke into ecstatic dance.

The defenses of the Fortified City, known for their solidity, would amount to naught once the cascading light reached the ground. The resistance of those puny imbeciles would equate to rubbish before the star’s radiance.

Palladio: [You have done well to appear before me! I shall enlist you among mine vassals! By what name shall I address you!?]

Joy shimmering in his three golden eyes, Palladio posed the question to the white-haired woman who had given rise to that sight. Once again catching a frontward glimpse of the woman, who had turned to face him following his query, Palladio caught his breath.

Beautiful white hair and refined features capable of sending shivers down one’s spine, but above all else, her face and eyes were bereft of the physical traits that could identify her as an undead. ――It was an appearance that could cause one to mistake her as a living being.

But then, why would she contribute to his side?

When Palladio questioned this, the woman deeply bent her hips, and bowed.

And then, she returned an answer to his question. ――An introduction as to just who exactly she was.

???: [What name would be correct to use, is a bit of a complicated affair. So for the time being… I suppose you can just call me the Witch of Greed.] So she declared.

--- Chapter 62: The Power of Love ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The entirety of her body burst into flames, reducing the Witch to ash.

The awe-inspiring power of the Yang Sword that at last had finally been unsheathed from its veil, which had stolen her soul and whose fierce flames had reduced it to naught but cinders, exceeded even Subaru’s expectations for his plan.

Subaru: [This must be… the true power of the Yang Sword…]

Not only had been this Witch cut down, but the crimson flames of the blaze had spread to the two other bodies of the Witch. Seeing the resultant effect, Subaru could only gasp.

Up until now, there had been several situations in which Subaru had witnessed the Yang Sword being wielded, but the owner of the Yang Sword had always been Priscilla. However, in terms of Abel exceeding Priscilla as a wielder of the Yang Sword, there would be no such simple answer.

The opponents whom Priscilla had unleashed her Yang Sword upon had always been formidable. This time, the Witch―― Sphinx had been a similarly formidable enemy, and in order to defeat her, Abel had made an incredible gamble.

In every battlefield, in every possible arrangement of the board, and in every crisis up until now, he had not once utilized the Yang Sword, thus for Sphinx―― or rather, for everyone, it had been eliminated as a possibility.

In order to bring such a thing to fruition, one could not imagine the nerve required.

Vincent: [You, what is with that incomprehensible expression?]

Subaru: [I’m just surprised. We’ve been through so much together up until now, and I’m still easily discovering things about your personality to complain about…!]

Vincent: [And here I was wondering what you were going to say… Could it be that you are referring to this card that I had kept unturned? If that is so, are you not also the sort to hatch up plans of this ilk?]

Subaru: [It’s not a matter of character on my part, it’s okay because it’s the result of wit and bravery and cheating . Thinking back to the beginning with the Lifeblood Ritual, and that time we fought Zikr-san and the others at Guaral, then when Arakiya made her entrance, then our dispute with Yorna-san at Chaosflame and the game of tag with Olbart-san and the entire time we were on the coupled dragon carriages! You kept it hidden!]

Vincent: [Yes, and?]

Subaru: [Yes, and!? Ahhh!]

With the treasured sword of crimson in hand, Abel’s shameless affirmation amazed Subaru, but then, in an instant, the pain in his right arm, the one broken by Sphinx, came rushing back as a warning.

As he held his broken arm with tears in his eyes, Beatrice rushed beside him with a “Subaru” and held her hand over it, using her healing magic.

And so, as Beatrice attended to Subaru tenderly,

Beatrice: [No matter how many times you say it, it seems it will never have an effect on that man, in fact. Perhaps, his ability to feel guilt has probably died, I suppose. He’s of the same breed as Roswaal, in fact.]

Subaru: [Guhhhh…!]

Beatrice: [There, that should make it feel a little better, I suppose.]

Heaping as much verbal abuse as she could upon Abel, Beatrice finished Subaru’s medical treatment.

The pain still lingered, but the broken bone felt like it had been healed. It could not be moved around too much, and it would take some time to be completely healed, but there existed other priorities.

Vincent: [Shall you be able to save Jamal Aurélie?]

Beatrice: [So long as he’s still breathing, I’ll do what I can, in fact. This is Betty’s duty as Subaru’s partner , I suppose.]

Leaving with these words, Beatrice trotted over to Jamal.

After defeating the first Sphinx, three more had appeared, and it was Jamal who had provoked them and in turn received the most injury. The way he had done so, by continuing to hurl abuse that was painful to listen to, had been rather crude; albeit, that too had been an act of showing his loyalty to the Emperor.

Spica: [Uau.]

Subaru: [Ohh, Spica, you did a great job. What about your body? It doesn’t hurt anywhere?]

Spica: [Au!]

With a vigorous nod, Spica tried to stop his worrying as she smiled. Using his hand to wipe away the dirt from her cheek, he gave her head a pat as a reward for her hard work.

Truly, without any doubt, this was a victory that had been gained by everyone here doing their utmost to fulfill their duty.

That said, he could not help but acknowledge that Abel’s trump card had contributed more than anything else――,

Subaru: [Still, I’m gonna be holding a grudge against you for the rest of my life.]

Vincent: [If I have made you say that much, then the one who suggested this must also be satisfied.]

No matter how reproachful the glare, Abel would ignore it nonchalantly.

While his cold nature was infuriating, when it came to the matter of hiding the Yang Sword and having the confidence to stick with it, Subaru could do nothing but speak his praise.

——The fact that Abel was capable of using the Yang Sword, but hid that fact, was something that Subaru had only become aware of within the loop where the fight with Sphinx had already started.

To put it plainly, it was a level of secrecy of a dead weight.

Originally, the only trump card which could have been hoped to stop the Great Disaster of the Vollachian Empire was for Subaru to combine his power with Spica’s Star Eating.

But, if Abel’s Yang Sword could reach the foundation of the souls of the undead then the story was different.

The Yang Sword and Star Eating, the two leading actors in this siege on the undead territory, could be utilized as trump cards in order to defeat the Great Disaster.

Subaru: [You, having realized this earlier, decided to join us in this group , right?]

Spica: [Uuu~?]

Subaru: [You see, Spica, this sly Emperor is able to use the Yang Sword, and even knew that it might be one of the key items in defeating the zombies . Just like you Spica, yeah? So, we had to proactively whittle down the zombies by using Star Eating. What happened then?]

Spica: [Aaa~, aau?]

Subaru: [That’s right. The enemy’s main forces came after us. And the method we used against that main force was Spica’s Star Eating. After all, I didn’t know what the odds were that there was another method. So, it would be just fine if Spica could deal with them. But in the event that you couldn’t…]

Spica: [Auaa!]

After Subaru concluded his explanation, Spica’s eyes widened, and she pointed at Abel’s Yang Sword. Subaru replied “That’s right!” to Spica’s sudden comprehension and patted her head.

Alongside Spica, he looked at Abel as if he was human garbage.

Subaru: [Look, Spica. Those are the eyes of someone with a completely twisted personality. Your personality has to be pitch-black in order to be the Emperor of Vollachia… I knew it, wouldn’t it be better to destroy Vollachia after all?]

Vincent: [Changing sides as soon as the enemy leader has been reduced to ash? You have chosen a terrible time to betray me.]

Beatrice: [You, don’t beg us to help save the Empire just to immediately become the head of a rebellion, I suppose…]

Though they were here out of necessity, the Empire was bad for Spica’s emotional education. Abel was a prime example of this, so outside of a situation such as this he was the first person that should not be around her.

Spica should be surrounded by more wholesome and refreshing companions she could imitate, such as Emilia and Rem, or Beatrice and Tanza.

Subaru: [In that case, we need to keep her away from Otto and Roswaal as well. As for Nee-sama… I like her, but dealing with more than two people would be tough. Garfiel could also be a good influence, but…]

Beatrice: [Subaru! The healing over here is almost finished, in fact!]

Subaru: [Oh. Got it!]

Following Beatrice’s voice, Subaru and the others went to where Jamal had fallen.

But, Jamal did not raise his voice at the arrival of Subaru and the others, as he was still splayed out on the ground.

Beatrice: [For now, his life isn’t in any danger, I suppose. But, any further treatment will require time, and will also take up Betty’s remaining strength, in fact.]

Subaru: [Beako’s remaining strength… Like, your remaining Mana?]

Beatrice: [Indeed, I suppose… There’s an irregularity which makes it like a lavish banquet, but it would be reckless to rely on it, in fact.]

Subaru: [ Irregularity …]

Hearing Beatrice’s answer, Subaru stared down at his hands.

What she had called an irregularity, was the remaining mana within Subaru’s body—— As Subaru’s contracted Spirit, the Mana that was in Subaru became Beatrice’s remaining MP, so in his current condition, the amount of Mana being lent to her could indeed be considered an irregularity.

Subaru had some ideas as to why this might be the case.

One possibility was that the connection between everyone in the Pleiades Battalion and Subaru had brought about a positive effect, another was that infantilization had led to some strange occurrence in Subaru’s Gate.

But, in the latter case, it was not likely that Beatrice would be able to understand it, so he felt that the former option was more likely.

Subaru: [To become stronger because of my connections with everyone, I’m the kind of guy who gets passionate from stuff like that.]

Beatrice: [Subaru…]

Subaru: [Don’t worry, Beako. No matter what, I agree that using as much magic as we please probably isn’t a good thing, so we should try to conserve it as much as possible. But, if we’re backed into a corner…]

While respecting Beatrice’s judgment, Subaru stared fixedly at the fallen Jamal.

Naturally, they could not abandon him as he was instrumental to their victory. However, if Jamal did not regain consciousness, someone would inevitably have to carry him.

Vincent: [For the record, I will not be carrying him.]

Subaru: [You beat me to it… You’ve been on a roll ever since you got that sword, huh. Even though you were a close match with me in that catfight earlier, you were swooshing and bouncing around… Wouldn’t it be trivial for you to carry Jamal?]

Vincent: [Even if I could do it, I shan’t. Now that Jamal Aurélie has fallen, I ought to be the most agile one present. We are in a position which requires vigilance, so I cannot be carrying baggage.]

Subaru: [Don’t call him baggage! Fine, I get it! I’ll…]

Spica: [Uuau.]

Angry at the unruly Emperor who had given a sound argument, Subaru attempted to carry Jamal. However, Spica slipped right past him and took the initiative to pick up Jamal’s body.

The image of a petite girl easily lifting an adult man was painful to watch, even though Spica was not putting much strain on herself.

Subaru: [Well, that’s what it would look like if anyone but you were doing it. What do you think?]

Vincent: [It is a great service. Continue to endeavor as you are.]

Subaru: [You’re right, Beako, this guy has no sense of guilt!]

Beatrice: [I already said that, I suppose… Spica, don’t push yourself too hard, in fact.]

Beatrice sighed at Abel’s audacity, and Spica exclaimed “Uu!” with a smile in response to her consideration. In fact, it was a relief that Spica did not seem to find Jamal to be heavy.

In any case, although the reality of having defeated the formidable Sphinx was gradually starting to sink in, they could not be completely happy about it.

That was because――,

Vincent: [――It seems like there’s already significance to me having kept my hands free.]

As Abel said this, he jerked his chin towards a succession of silhouettes approaching the street where Subaru and the others were, as if they had heard the battle with the Sphinxes earlier―― figures of the undead could be spotted.

Subaru grit his teeth at what this meant and the frustrating truth of Abel’s words.

Thus, the fact of the matter was the undead had appeared here where they were.

Beatrice: […Even after defeating Sphinx, the Sacrament of the Immortal King hasn’t been severed, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Damn, the most direct logic that the magic would disappear if the caster were to be defeated seems to be wrong. Beako, this is…]

Beatrice: [Even though she was corrupted, she was created with the goal of becoming the Witch of Greed, I suppose. Perhaps, she arranged the ritual so that the Sacrament of the Immortal King would function even in her absence, in fact. If we don’t destroy the system itself, the Stone’s limitations are still the limits of this country, I suppose.]

Subaru: [I guess that’s probably the case…]

After absorbing what Beatrice had said, Subaru’s gaze turned to the northernmost part of the Imperial Capital―― he looked to the Crystal Palace.

That was where Sphinx and her side were based up, so it was the most appropriate location for a symbolic object to be placed. Of course, it was possible that Sphinx, who did not appreciate such romance and drama, had placed its contrivance elsewhere.

Vincent: [――No, there can be no mistaking that it is at the Crystal Palace. Whatever the Witch’s intentions, if she needed a connection to the Stone, she would require contact with the core of the Crystal Palace… with Moguro Hagane.]

Subaru: [Isn’t Moguro one of the Nine Divine Generals…?]

Vincent: [Yes. They have currently been put to rest in the Crystal Palace. Or, to be precise, the Crystal Palace itself has been put to rest.]

Subaru: [You absolutely! Better explain this to me! Later on!]

Saying this to Abel, who seemed to have many more secrets besides the Yang Sword, Subaru welcomed the decision that they definitely needed to go to the Crystal Palace.

Subaru: [――――]

To be honest, even though he knew that the core of the Great Disaster was in the Crystal Palace, he still wanted to confirm the safety of his comrades whom he had sent to the other battlefields. In particular, he wanted to check on the safety of Emilia and Tanza.

Their placement was the only part that Subaru was not able to confirm.

What was causing Subaru’s anxiety and frustration was――,

???: [――Golly, y’all’re lookin’ like a mess. Even the Emperor-san’s forehead’s covered in sweat and mud; he’s a surprisingly hard worker, ain’t he now?]

Suddenly, a black shadow descended and forcefully turned the situation upside down with a casual tone.

The figure landed between Subaru and the incoming undead, walked over to them in a casual tone, and squatted down in front of Subaru and Beatrice.

Then it laughed with a golden kiseru in his mouth and extended their folded hands.

???: [For all y’all hard workers… Here, gotcha some souvenirs.]

With that said, their folded hands were opened, and a number of strange crystals the size of coins were in those large palms.

Subaru did not know what they were, but Beatrice, holding his hand, noticed.

Beatrice: [Those, are Corebugs…!]

???: [Yepyep. The one from those guys.]

Nodding calmly, the figure brought their palms together again and rubbed them together with a scrubbing motion.

In the next instant, the undead across the street let out a cry of anguish and turned to dust. ――The cores that had been reproducing the undead were thwarted, and they could no longer sustain their bodies.

The one to do it in a flash, was a tall, carefree black wolfman――,

Subaru: [Halibel-san!]

Halibel: [Ooh, ooh, that’s such a warm welcome. I like energetic kids who can speak loudly.]

Halibel, who had been working separately, nodded at Subaru’s surprised voice.

He had been asked to eliminate the most important opponent in the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital―― an enemy that had to be eliminated in order for everyone to give their best performance.

The fact that he was here like this, meant.

Halibel: [Don’t’cha worry, work’s done ‘n taken care of. Got no intentions of lettin’ lil’ Ana’s face be one of dejection, after all.]

Subaru: [――! That’s a huge help! Thank you! Can I count on you to keep it up with something else?]

Halibel: [Hmm, ya sure ain’t a shy boy. Well well, s’pose it’d be dandy, go on ‘n say it.]

Subaru: [I want you to go with me to the Palace! I just want to leave you to cover the other girls on the way. I’ll be working Abel to the point of death over on our side after all!]

Vincent: [Disgraceful…]

Abel grumbled something about Subaru’s suggestion, which he consciously ignored.

At any rate, it was fortuitous that Halibel had accomplished his task. He was very anxious about Emilia and the others, but if Halibel were willing to go, it would make them even stronger and help Emilia bloom.

Subaru: [Olbart-san should be in the Palace. That’s why I want you to go to Emilia and Tanza…]

Vincent: [Hold on, Natsuki Subaru, is that a strategic decision? If that is not the case――]

Subaru: [If that’ll make you agree, then yeah it is! It’s all part of my performance after all!]

With a glare in the latter’s direction, Subaru retorted to Abel’s interjections.

It was encouraging to have Beatrice holding Subaru’s hand tightly as if she were on his side. Halibel interrupted the exchange of stern glances with a “Hold on, hold on”.

He put his bladed hand in between Subaru and Abel, as if to cut the thread of the staring contest, and,

Halibel: [Ain’t no need ta be so belligerent. ‘N as for the fight ’round the Palace, I think I ain’t gonna be needed for it, aight?]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Subaru’s eyes widened at Halibel’s comment, the latter stroking the hair under his chin.

The Admirer turned his narrow, thread-like eyes in the direction of the gaze that sought the basis for his statement,

Halibel: [The power of love’s a mighty ‘un, guess this is simply a case of that.]

And then, he laughed with a face that mixed equal parts amazement and admiration.

△▼△▼△▼△

――An unthinkable scene was in the midst of unfolding.

The woman, who had become unable to define whether she was Yorna Mishigure, or if she was Iris, all she could do was watch as she held back tears, her vision on the verge of being warped.

Woman: [――Tanza.]

The name spun by those trembling lips, it belonged to the deergirl who housed a flame within a single eye, and with the hem of the kimono they once had chosen together fluttering, confronted the fierce advance of the undead swordsmen.

Far more agile and powerful than the Tanza she knew, it was a fight brimming with confidence.

Tanza, had once been a girl without confidence in herself.

Incredibly intelligent and capable for her young age, and yet, the child had evaluated herself as being completely lacking, an evaluation that was far too low of herself. Back when she was the same age as Tanza in the truest sense, she had not been nearly as capable as her.

A foolish child she was, getting carried away thinking it was her duty to fulfill the work entrusted to her so that she would not be a burden to her parents and the people of her village, and yet failing to notice the thoughtfulness of those around her.

Compared to her past self, Tanza was far more admirable. And now, after believing that death had bereaved her of Tanza, they had been reunited in this situation where her own foundation had become uncertain.

Between Prisca, the Empire, the Demon City, Tanza―― and Eugard, her mind was in its greatest state of turmoil throughout all of her lifetimes, numbering greater than ten.

The only comparable instances that could come to mind were the time she had first learned that she had been reincarnated due to a curse, the time she had found out of Prisca’s survival, the time she had been reunited with Eugard, and the time a surviving Tanza had completely refused to listen to her.

Woman: [Of late, there have been far too many…]

She wanted to lament the relentless series of shocks of this current life, however the present moment was far too hectic.

As these various mental burdens continued, in order to protect her as she could no longer recover the will to fight, brazenly utilizing the effects of the Soul Marriage Technique in addition to something else entirely, Tanza’s back looked to be quite large.

How much, just how much had she gone through after they had been separated at the Demon City?

Ever since Tanza had arrived at Chaosflame with her sister Zoey, she had intended on being the one to watch over Tanza’s growth the most closely. But, had she remained by her side, would Tanza’s current self ever have come to be?

Someone apart from herself. They had gotten close to Tanza, pushed her, and made her stronger.

She could feel it within Tanza’s intense gaze, in her gait, and in the fist that she had slammed into the swordsman’s face.

???: [Tanza-chan!]

Tanza: [Yes, Emilia-sama, let us not give them any leeway.]

As her voice resounded in a manner resembling a silver bell, the silver-haired girl―― Emilia, cooperated with Tanza.

Her long hair fluttered as she swung her weapon constructed with ice to repel the undead swordsmen, working in perfect sync with Tanza to support each other in both offense and defense.

This was in spite of the fact that there should not have been much time for Tanza and Emilia to build such a relationship.

Under the unexpected strength of Tanza and Emilia working together, the blue-haired swordsmen―― the Undead Swordmasters, were smashed one after another, scattering fragments throughout their surroundings.

However――,

Swordmaster: [Ahh, ahhh, ahhhh, sad to say, but seems there’s a limit for ya living folk. Ya sure wield yer power with great vigor, but how long d’ya think that power’s gonna last?]

Emilia: [Geez! Don’t brag when you’re cheating!]

His characteristic undead golden eyes shining, the Undead Swordmaster smiled provocatively, and Emilia fell for that provocation.

She raised both hands and slammed them hard onto the ground, and in the next moment, while avoiding Emilia and Tanza, ice spread throughout the street in a manner akin to branches, entrapping the hands, legs, and torsos of the swordsmen.

――That ice had an appearance just like that of a vine of thorns.

Woman: [――Ugh.]

Tanza: [Yorna-sama!]

For a moment, she crouched down, clutching her chest as she felt an ache within.

Having caught a glimpse of that foolish action of hers in the corner of her eye, Tanza cried out her name in a scream. Even if momentarily, the fact Tanza’s awareness had left the battlefield meant that,

Swordmaster: [Ya gotta be greedy for victory, simple as that.]

Tanza: [――Hk!]

A fierce front kick was unleashed, sending Tanza’s petite frame flying backwards.

Tanza’s sprung-up body flew, and at the end of its trajectory as it bounced, the figure of her own crouching self was present. She immediately raised her face and was about to call out Tanza’s name, but what would that even achieve?

It would have merely been another meaningless pull on Tanza’s attention.

Woman: [――Tanza!]

Tanza: [Yes, Yorna-sama.]

Responding to the cry that ultimately could not be held back, the bouncing Tanza readied her posture mid-air. Just prior to colliding, Tanza had managed to stop herself; that small yet large back of hers was just before her eyes.

Thereupon, the Undead Swordmaster’s merciless sword strike drew near, threatening to cleave the two of them in twain――,

Tanza: [――Emilia-sama!]

Emilia: [Yes!]

Without even a moment’s hesitation, Emilia responded to the call, and Tanza swung her leg upwards.

That upraised foot―― freshly clad in a geta made of ice, caught the strike from the Undead Swordmaster’s katana head on.

It was a pair of thick-soled geta , just like the ones usually worn by the Flamboyant, Yorna Mishigure.

Tanza: [YA, AHHHHHH――!!]

Tanza, having stopped the katana with the sole of the geta adorning her raised foot, had leapt upwards using the same raised foot as a starting point, and spun vertically in mid-air―― slamming down the icy geta of the opposite foot onto the head of the immobilized Undead Swordmaster, she drove him into the ground.

Then, with the head of the undead felled to the ground as its center, a crater of nearly five meters was caved into the street, and as the powerful blow turned her opponent to dust, Tanza waved the hem of her kimono .

Woman: [――――]

At Tanza’s gallant appearance, all she could do was stare speechlessly. Having noticed her gaze, Tanza turned around and, slightly lowering the corners of her eyes, she smiled.

Those lips had been about to call out to her with “Yorna”.

Emilia: [――Hk, no!]

That instant, Emilia, who was further away, thrust out both her hands, and with the screams of the freezing atmosphere, she sensed the presence of the two Undead Swordmasters being pierced by ice and turning into ice statues behind her.

But, she could speak no words of gratitude to Emilia.

More importantly, Emilia needed to stop the barbaric act of another Undead Swordmaster who had appeared behind Tanza after she had turned around―― no, she would not make it in time. Thus, there was no choice but to protect Tanza herself.

Woman: [I am…!]

Numerous were the things she had overlooked, numerous were the things she lost, numerous were the people she had let down, and numerous were the lives she stood upon to be here now.

Although until now she had been unable to repay even a single one of those among the numerous, for Tanza alone she could do so.

Woman: [――――]

Taking Tanza into a tight embrace with her outstretched hand, she resolutely leaned forward with her upper body to protect her from the blade.

She had moved skillfully. For just this moment, she was glad that she had not been her trembling and immobile self.

Now, at least with this body of hers, taller and with limbs longer than the ones she had possessed before, she could protect this little darling, this dear child of the Empire which that person had so carefully protected――.

???: [――To astonish mineself thus, verily thou alone art able.]

That gentle voice, as sweet as if it had been whispered close to her ear, so calm that it was inconceivable for a battlefield raging with the gale of swords, resounded, melting a heart that had resolved itself for death but a moment ago in a manner that was difficult to believe.

Woman: [――――]

Before the blow from the Undead Swordmaster’s katana could connect, it was halted by the treasured sword of crimson that had been thrust in its path.

And then, witnessing the presence that had brought that about, she could not help but gasp.

Their reunion had been unexpected, and unintended.

She did not know whether to rejoice, whether to grieve, and ever since that moment, she felt like her heart had been torn apart.

Ultimately, that question had remained unanswered, and the present moment had arrived.

Only now, at this very moment, could she say for sure.

???: [Even when tensed, thy face is lovely, O Star of Mine.]

Woman: [Your Excellency… Hk.]

Before the man who had stated so, while caressing her cheek with the hand opposite to the one that had blocked the enemy’s attack―― before Eugard Vollachia, with skin of flesh and blood identical to what it had been during his lifetime, and with a clear will housed within his eyes, the feat of containing the overwhelming flood of love and emotion was something that neither Yorna, nor Iris, were capable of.

--- Chapter 63: Upon These Lips, I Savor This Miracle ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

The moment he basked in the upward slice of the blade, for the first time in his life―― nay, for the first time in all his time before and after death, Eugard Vollachia resolved himself to taste defeat.

It was the first time that somebody had crossed swords with him, contended with him as an equal, and to top it all off, secured a hard-fought victory against him.

Although he admired that superb level of skill, the fact that he had been defeated in a decisive moment, when he ought not to, caused his chest evermore bereft of a beating heart to throb.

That which he could have never possibly hoped to wish for had been granted, but having happened across Iris once again in this manner, he had yet to exchange many words with her. They had yet to touch each other. He had yet to fully convey his love.

Even so, Eugard had been granted a reunion with Iris.

In order for Eugard and Iris to be granted their desires, there were likely those who had been unable to exchange words, share touches, and convey their love to their beloved ones, even if they desired so.

That same thing had happened to the alignment of the stars between Eugard and Iris.

――Indeed, exactly as he had expected.

???: [I’m still a complete amateur when it comes ta wieldin’ this katana , ‘n even just a single swing drains so much energy outta me that I get a nasty sorta feelin’ from it.]

With thorns serving as proof of a curse dwelling in his chest, having delivered a blow with the Fiend Sword enshrouded in sinister energy, the jet-black wolfman―― Halibel spoke so.

That countenance of his reminded Eugard of a wolfman with whom he had once been acquainted despite them not resembling each other in the slightest, aside from being of the same race.

Within his recollections, Eugard felt like he, too, would sometimes gaze upon him with such eyes.

Halibel: [Tho’, it’s a blade ya can’t hate, since it does its job ta the fullest with the energy it goes ‘n takes.]

Ignoring Eugard’s deep emotions in that moment, Halibel continued.

It was apparent that he had just given his impressions regarding the katana in his hand―― the Fiend Sword Murasame. But, the way he had put it made it sound a bit different from the fact that the power concealed in the Fiend Sword simply proved useful in his victory.

It was as if the Fiend Sword had granted Halibel something greater than just victory――,

Eugard: [――The deluded conviction of the undead, hm?]

Ascertaining his body, which had basked in the slashing attack, Eugard put the sensation that he initially could not verbalize into words.

Within Eugard, having been resurrected into the body of an undead, there was a certain kind of unreasonable obsession―― an impulsive sense of hostility and violence appealing to his instincts, one directed towards the living of the Empire.

In all likelihood, this was not limited to only Eugard. On top of that, Eugard had been keeping that intense impulse in check with his stronger feelings towards Iris.

Even so, unable to go against the ringleader who had incited the resurrection, Eugard had no choice but to at least abide by their intentions, and had thus ended up crossing blades with the hyenaman and Halibel here.

That irresistible, overwhelming force of compulsion, had vanished.

As if it had been severed by the Fiend Sword clad in a dark, sinister aura, it had vanished.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Therefore, there is naught within mineself save thoughts of Mine Star.]

Placing a hand to her face, Eugard tenderly spoke to the woman who was both Iris and Yorna―― and to this, Iris/Yorna lost the ability to speak, utterly entranced.

His skin was neither pale nor was it cold, and his pupils were not those sham golden irises laid upon a sea of void, instead having taken on their characteristic blue hue.

His facial muscles, which did not move irrespective of his status as an undead, yielded a serious expression which she recalled well.

――Unmistakably, this was the man that Iris/Yorna knew as Eugard Vollachia.

???: [It’s terrible to barge in here without any sorta permission.]

The reunion between these two was interrupted by a powerful, hoarse voice.

Contrary to the contents of his words, raising his voice in a warm welcome to the sudden intruder, the undead swordsman―― nay, the Undead Swordmaster licked his lips with a glint in his eyes as he faced Eugard.

Towards the Undead Swordmaster’s gaze, Eugard’s expression not wavering,

Eugard: [Thou hast a most remarkable ability; alas, thou hast also erred in thy timing. Mineself wishes for naught but to spend mine limited time with Mine Star.]

Undead Swordmaster: [C’mon, there’s no need to say something so chilly――]

Eugard imparted to him his wish with indifference, to which the Undead Swordmaster promptly turned a deaf ear―― no, he tried to respond with a deaf ear, but he could not finish his reply.

???: [Stay away from us!]

For with that sharp scream, the small body held in Iris/Yorna’s arms had spun, and the ice geta -clad feet that flew furiously through the air, had delivered a strong kick to the body of the Undead Swordmaster.

Undead Swordmaster: [Woah!]

The undead used his sheath to counter the girl’s kick, avoiding a direct hit as he took a step back.

The impact was not entirely erased, but the Undead Swordmaster retorted with more joy than anger as his face split into a malicious smile――,

???: [Teiya!]

That malicious smile was crushed by the powerful blow of an ice hammer.

This swooping blow from behind crushed him from head-to-toe, causing the individual known as the Undead Swordmaster to crumble into pieces. However, this did not mean there would be any rest.

If they could have killed him this easily, the Undead Swordmaster would have already been felled fifty times over. But, as always, the undead could revive as many times as they pleased.

However, before they could deal with the Undead Swordmaster――,

Eugard: [――Mmm, a strike imbued with emotions which one would expect to be unfound in a child. For the shining potential that thou possessest, mineself shall pardon thine rudeness.]

???: [Stay away from Yorna-sama.]

Yorna: [T-Tanza! His Excellency… what are you doing to His Excellency!]

Within the field of view of the screaming Iris/Yorna, the hilt of Eugard’s Yang Sword collided with Tanza’s geta composed of ice, creating a harsh shrieking noise.

In order to protect Iris/Yorna, Tanza had kicked the Undead Swordmaster while in the air, but this undead had not been her only target; rather, she also aimed for the unknown Emperor who had suddenly intervened.

As it had all been so sudden, it was natural that Tanza could not distinguish Eugard as friend or foe.

Yorna: [Still, you cannot do something like that so suddenly…! Your Excellency, please excuse my Tanza. That girl holds no ill will…]

Eugard: [Wear not such a sorrow-stricken visage. Mineself loves any face which thou might wearest, though thoughts rise of scorning mine very heart which wishes to love thee even as thou entreatest mineself so earnestly.]

Yorna: [H-he’s always been like this…]

Though Iris/Yorna wholeheartedly apologized on behalf of Tanza, Eugard’s reply did not touch upon the core of the matter. This sort of thing had once been a daily occurrence with Eugard.

Yes, back during those times with Eugard, this had been a daily occurrence.

Tanza: […Yorna-sama.]

Squeezing, arms tightening around her in a hug, Tanza called out to Iris/Yorna.

To shake these arms away and once again jump towards Eugard, Tanza had not lost her composure and discernment that far. Whilst she did not understand their relationship, she understood that there was no animosity between Yorna/Iris and Eugard.

And besides that――,

???: [Hey! Maybe it’s a little too early for us to be taking our time to talk!]

Rushing over was Emilia, who had been fighting the Undead Swordmaster with Tanza.

She mercilessly struck the undead from behind with her ice hammer, and while staring hard at Eugard who stood close to Tanza and Iris/Yorna with her amethyst eyes,

Emilia: [Are you on our side?]

Eugard: [Verily, ’tis so.]

Emilia: [Thank goodness! You look reaaally strong! Let me count on you!]

Eugard: [Understood. Leave everything to mineself.]

Having received an immediate response from Eugard, Emilia patted her chest in relief.

Iris/Yorna’s eyes twinkled at the way she had been able to discern friend from foe in an instant, but considering her circumstances as a half-elf, it would be presumptuous of her to speak about common sensibilities.

Anyhow――,

Yorna: [Your Excellency, that form…]

Eugard: [Alas, these are but embers that are yet to burn out.]

Yorna: [――――]

Even as he spoke that, Eugard did not take his eyes off of Iris/Yorna, nor did his expression contort into one of sadness or loneliness.

Iris/Yorna also hoped that it would have been spoken thus, merciless it may be.

And then, while looking directly at Iris/Yorna, Eugard continued.

Eugard: [However, for these few moments until it doth burn out, all of mineself is thine.]

Yorna: [――Yes, Your Excellency.]

He did so, only to ensure that there would be no reason for Iris/Yorna to feel sad or lonely.

This gentle King of Thorns feared by all had always kept his heart pulsing with tranquility, so that his thorns would hurt none but himself.

Yorna: [Not at all, not at all… it brings me such happiness.]

Although their time was limited, she could touch Eugard, and speak to him.

Ever since those days had come to an end, it was something that she―― that Iris had been unable to accomplish. And because of that failure, innumerable sacrifices had been made.

For the sake of atoning for those mistakes and regrets, Iris had joined the Empire as Yorna――,

Swordmaster: [――That treasured sword in yer hand, it’s the Yang Sword Vollachia, ain’t it.]

Suddenly, a hoarse voice that seemed to be restraining its zeal was heard, at which Iris/Yorna and the others looked up.

At some distance from where the four had gathered, the figure of a singular undead slowly arose from the ground. In the same fashion, akin to insects emerging from underneath a large boulder, dominated by a repugnant obsession the Undead Swordmasters began to appear one after the other.

They were all alike, without individuality, and with perfectly synchronized movements and shining golden pupils, they smiled malevolently.

Swordmaster: [A legendary sword famous throughout the world, a magical tool forged by an unreasonable man, on par with that Dream Sword and Fiend Sword the spoiled brat’s got… Though I’ve seen it before, I’ve rarely been blessed with the opportunity to exchange blows with it.]

Yorna: […After going this far, has your warrior’s spirit been stirred even further?]

Swordmaster: [It’s embarrassing… but ya got it right.]

Those words had been glib, for he did not seem embarrassed in the slightest. That much was painfully obvious from the pairs of eyes that were glowing ever more radiantly, and from the chilling heat of their malevolent smiles.

Even when compared to the other undead, the Undead Swordmaster’s fiendish aura and delusional state were clearly abnormal, which true strength put aside overwhelmed Iris/Yorna as she clenched her fists in shame.

Those tightly clenched fists were gently embraced by the hands of Tanza from within her arms.

Eugard: [Child, to grasp the hand of Mine Star thus, and to remain in her embrace, I shall permit it.]

Tanza: […I shall continue to do so, even if I do not receive your permission.]

At Tanza’s indignant tone, Eugard’s sharp countenance remained undisturbed. However, Iris/Yorna could perceive that Eugard had accepted her reply positively.

As Eugard continued to walk towards the seemingly endless stream of Undead Swordmasters that appeared to be increasing in number, ten or twenty at a time, Emilia, with a tense expression on her face, attempted to join him.

However, Eugard stopped Emilia with his gaze.

Eugard: [Thy will to aid is honorable. Nevertheless, entrust this unto mineself.]

Emilia: [But, you alone…]

Eugard: [――Eugard Vollachia, that is mine name.]

Emilia: [Vollachia… that’s.]

Emilia, surprised upon hearing Eugard’s family name, looked towards Iris/Yorna. Responding to her look with a nod, Iris/Yorna’s eyes followed Eugard’s back as he went forth.

Eugard and the Undead Swordmaster, separated by a distance of about ten meters, faced each other.

Swordmaster: [Eugard Vollachia… Are ya the Emperor of the Briar, by chance?]

Eugard: [Never have I addressed mineself as such, but there are those who have yclept mineself so. Verily, a fitting phrase that doth succinctly depict mine tenure upon the Imperial Throne. It shall prove facile for inscribing in the annals of the future.]

Swordmaster: [Haha, hahaha! Ain’t that a surprise! The strongest among all the Emperors of the Sacred Vollachian Empire! And to think I’d be able to meet such a person… as expected, I most definitely have it!]

With a lilt to his voice, the pressure of the Undead Swordmaster’s aura of malicious swordsmanship increased all the more.

Even though he knew that his opponent was Eugard Vollachia, the Emperor of the Briar, the Undead Swordmaster was not horrified but rather inspired by unusual logic.

The golden eyes of the Undead Swordmasters gleamed at Eugard and his Yang Sword.

Swordmaster: [If I can win against Your Excellency the Emperor, could I have the Yang Sword?]

Eugard: [If the sword deems it appropriate, so be it. But I shalt not surrender so easily.]

Swordmaster: [Ho.]

Eugard: [Many of mine subjects hath staked their lives to make the dream of wielding this sword in mine hand true.]

Only Iris/Yorna, who shared the joint rulership of Eugard’s many subjects, could understand the passion of the gentle King of Thorns who was feared above all others.

――In front of Iris/Yorna who watched on, Eugard and the Undead Swordmasters moved simultaneously.

Swordmaster: [――Hah.]

With a short exhalation and lightning steps, their distance from each other was extinguished.

Twenty identical people were divided into four groups, and a flash of sword steel approached Eugard like a whirlwind.

The barbaric act of an ordinary person assembling together first-class swordsmanship in order to reach a superb class―― Emilia and Tanza gasped at the sword attacks that could be called a sword storm that surpassed the sword style.

However, Iris/Yorna held not a shred of doubt.

Twenty swords were coming at him―― however, that exchange would end with one precise strike.

The raging storm of swords from the Undead Swordmasters aimed at Eugard from all directions.

But, before those blades could reach the King of Thorns, the brilliantly shining Yang Sword flashed―― and burned away all incoming twenty blades, the crimson tip of the sword cleaving the neck of an Undead Swordmaster.

Swordmaster: [This power―― Hk.]

His neck had been gouged out, but even then, only the foremost one bore the fatal wound.

The Undead Swordmaster grimaced as his remaining nineteen selves, or rather, as the flood of his other selves reached him one-by-one, even though their blade had been severed.

But, if they mistakenly thought their strength was that they could try again after dying, then――,

Yorna: [It has ended.]

――The next moment, the Undead Swordmaster, whose whole body had been cut, burst into flames; to the other nineteen Undead Swordmasters it was spread, all swallowed by fire at once.

Swordmaster: [――Wha, ah.]

The Yang Sword, in the hands of Eugard Vollachia, ignited its true flame. The soul of the Undead Swordmaster who had been hit by the slash was the spark from which the conflagration rose.

Coincidentally, Vincent Vollachia’s Yang Sword had set the soul of the Witch, Sphinx, the bearer of the Great Disaster, ablaze. The very same conclusion.

Swordmaster: [Kah!]

Swordmaster: [Guh, guh!]

Swordmaster: [――Oooh!]

Burned by a massive inferno, the Undead Swordmasters were reduced to ashes one after another. Every time a burning individual perished, a new one was revived and replenished, but it too was engulfed by the tongues of fire.

More and more, over and over without exception, he left more than a dozen of himself as charcoal, and the Undead Swordmaster looked down at his hands, which continued to be burned by the unquenchable flames.

And then――,

Swordmaster: [Ah, ahhh, goddammit. Is this really, where I meet my end…!!?]

An indistinct voice spilled from his throat burned by the flames, and the Undead Swordmaster grimaced.

For a moment, this made one imagine this as a last-ditch effort made by one who could not admit defeat, but that worry was denied by the end of the Undead Swordmaster, turning to charcoal upon being expended.

With his battered, crumpled hands reaching towards the heavens, the Undead Swordmaster disappeared.

In the end――,

Tanza: [――He, didn’t vanish?]

While witnessing the same thing, Tanza voiced her concern.

As Iris/Yorna took her hand in hers, she gave Tanza an answer to her fears by wrapping her small hand in her own free hand, assuring Tanza that it would be okay.

Emilia: […Those people, were they all burned?]

Eugard: [It is somewhat difficult to happen upon the correct vocabulary for it, but indeed. The Yang Sword’s flame doth set ablaze what its owner desires. Souls are no exceptions.]

Emilia: [I see… Thanks, that’s reaaally helpful.]

Even after expressing her gratitude, Emilia looked gloomily at the many remainders of the Undead Swordmasters that had burned up.

Even though the opponent had been an undead, even though he was an opponent who used the characteristics of the undead in a sinister way, the fact that his life was lost shook Emilia’s amethyst eyes.

Iris/Yorna once had the same feeling as Emilia.――To think it was one of the things she had to let go of after living so many lives.

However, there were some things she could not let go of.

Eugard: [――O Star of Mine.]

Called so once more, Iris/Yorna faced Eugard directly.

Resurrected as an undead, Eugard had been liberated from that abominable yoke. Both his refined features, beautiful and elegant, and his voice, which resounded in her chest far too much when compared to its actual volume, were a continuation of those days.

However, there were also things that could not be explained by that alone.

Yorna: [Your Excellency, the thorns are…]

That which bound others, thrusting spikes into their hearts; the Curse of Thorns.

Isolating Eugard, and having served as the impetus of the special time that he and Iris shared together, it was something that still ensnared his soul even in death, a binding curse from which no refuge could be sought.

At the current moment, it could not be felt. That went not only for Iris/Yorna, but for Tanza and Emilia as well.

That was to say, Eugard had been released from the Curse of Thorns.

Yorna: [The curse, has it been dispelled?]

Eugard: [――That is not so. The Curse of Thorns yet remaineth intact. The curse hath been transferred to another, no longer doth it persist within mineself.]

Yorna: [Transferred…? Such a thing, such a thing is possible?]

Eugard: [――That being made it possible. It be not something that could have ever been accomplished in the era of mine lifetime. Since then, the stream of time hath flowed, and many a wisdom hath come forth. A magnificent world, it is.]

Eugard Vollachia had been released from the Curse of Thorns.

Within Eugard’s answer as he quietly drew his chin, there was loaded a deep sense of admiration for the one who had accomplished that.

Yorna: [Your Excellency, the curse is…]

On the other hand, Iris/Yorna was left speechless by Eugard’s reply.

Although she understood that it was Eugard’s nature to want to accurately represent that the Curse of Thorns ultimately had not disappeared, it was still a fulfillment of Iris, of Yorna’s dearest wish.

For even if had come to pass after his death, Eugard’s soul had parted ways with the Curse of Thorns.

Tanza: [Yorna-sama, this person is…]

Yorna: [Tanza, this gentleman is His Excellency the Emperor Eugard Vollachia… a difficult individual, one who I, who I am in love with.]

At Iris/Yorna’s introduction, Tanza slightly widened her eyes. Then, she raised her face and exchanged glances with Eugard, and after a brief hesitation,

Tanza: [My name is Tanza. I serve as Yorna-sama’s chamberlain.]

Eugard: [Is that so, Tanza. In the time of mine absence, Mine Star hath been in thy care. It is a great service.]

After Tanza timidly spoke so, Eugard nodded.

A distance at which they could see each other’s faces, a distance at which they could hear each other’s voices, a distance at which they could make physical contact should they reach out their hands; at that distance, Eugard and Tanza, had an exchange of words.

Even though, in the past, there had been nobody other than Iris who had been able to do that with Eugard without grimacing in pain.

Emilia: [I am Emilia, just Emilia. Eugard, will you continue to help us?]

As if riding off the deep emotion of Iris/Yorna, Emilia began to speak to Eugard without any hesitation.

At her words, Eugard reclined his chin with a “But of course”, and,

Eugard: [The individual who hath released mineself from the thorns of prolonged torment… there is a duty Groovy Gumlet hath entrusted to mineself. I must act verily in his stead.]

Yorna: [Groovy… that personage, released Your Excellency from the curse…]

Eugard: [O Star of Mine.]

Yorna: [Y-yes.]

Caught up on the name of Eugard’s benefactor coming to light, she let out a voice akin to that of a village girl at the sudden call.

That instant, the fact that the air given off by Eugard had become gentle seemed to be proof that he thought Iris/Yorna’s reaction to be lovely, but she would not touch upon that.

Only, as Eugard captured Iris and Yorna in the gaze of his blue eyes,

Eugard: [For thee, I wish to devote mine entirety. There existeth no lie in those words. Henceforthーー]

Yorna: [It goes without saying, but we shall be together. ーーI refuse for us to be separated for even a moment longer.]

Until the very moment in which I am bereaved of you, I wish to hold this miracle upon my lips.

This was Yorna’s answer bereft of falsehood, straight from the bottom of Iris’s heart.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The scorching scent of his soul assailed his nostrils.

There was no sensation of pain. With his whole body engulfed in flames, the heat of being hideously burned was also akin to a gentle breeze.

However, unable to break away from that gentle breeze, it reduced his newly created body to ash and cinders, attempting to put an end to his existence.

Even if doused in water, the flames shan’t fade. Even were he to try to spread the fire elsewhere, the flames shan’t spread. Even were the point of flames’ genesis lopped off, the rest of his body would immediately be ignited by the inescapable flames of terminus―― indeed, this was his terminus.

He had a feeling. He knew. This blaze shan’t fade. Until he met his end, it shan’t fade.

???: [Ahh, ahhh, AHHHH, what the hell…]

Going so far as to descend to the body of an undead by his own blade, he had attempted to master the way of the sword.

The flame of the Yang Sword, which he had encountered upon his journey to reach the final destination of that path, had set a conflagration upon the soul of Rowan Segmunt, the man who had a burning desire for the Heavenly Sword, attempting to scorch his entirety to naught.

Refusing to remain in that place, Rowan had fled the battlefield, and broken into a mad dash.

His leg crumbled as he stepped forth, so if the next step would result in the loss of his entire lower half, he would lop off his own head as to not needlessly waste time, and thus the next step of his remains would be taken by his next self.

Repeating this process, Rowan ran. ――He distanced himself from the Emperor of the Briar, in order to reach the place he was obliged to reach before he was burnt to a crisp.

Rowan: [What the hell… Just as expected, I have it.]

As embers emanated from all over his body, a vividly gruesome smile emerged on Rowan’s face.

Having been reduced to an undead, Rowan had become acutely aware of the state of his own soul, and had placed the tips of his toes upon the steps to reach the Heavenly Sword. In order to reliably take the next steps higher, this was his next trial, indeed.

Rowan’s soul would be scorched to oblivion in the not-so-distant future. But, the flame of a candle would always burn brightest right before it went out.

――For Rowan Segmunt, reaching the Heavenly Sword was his life’s dearest wish.

He had even proved that he would give up his life with no hesitation for that purpose.

In truth, by experiencing death, and gaining awareness of the shape of his soul, Rowan had steadily gotten closer to achieving his wish.

Thus, as long as Rowan reached the Heavenly Sword, it mattered not if he did so only for a single second.

For a mere second before his soul was burnt to a crisp, even if it was for naught more than an instant, all that mattered was that he reached it.

And what was needed to achieve that――,

???: [――Oya oya oya, I had thought somebody was furiously dashing here, but to think it would be a flaming entrance! My my, isn’t this quite the flashy production, if I do say so myself?]

An audible voice; the place he had wanted to reach before being burnt to nihil.

Beholding the owner of that voice beyond his burning field of vision, Rowan thanked his karma.

He had arrived at the place he had wanted to reach. All that remained, was to reach it .

Indeed, before Rowan as he gave a burning grin, the boy, holding a brown-skinned girl in his arms, smiled.

As irony would naturally have it, the boy gave a smile that resembled Rowan’s own, and spoke.

Boy: [Just now, you made me think this for the first time, dad. ――I don’t dislike it, rather, I quite like it.] So he declared.

--- Chapter 64: Parent and Child of the Empire ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated by:

Proofread by:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The person known as Rowan Segmunt, was a man completely unfit to be a father.

Though Cecilus Segmunt thought that so-called common sensibilities were unnecessary for the leading actor, it was apparent that Rowan was a father far removed from the conventional family image.

An ideal father was not someone who would slay his own child because it “didn’t seem” like they would grow up in the way he desired.

A single-minded eccentricity divorced from all notions of paternal love, that was the entirety of the reason why Rowan had killed all of Cecilus’s older brothers while they were still infants.

A swordsman in whom a genuine madness resided, such that he had no qualms with trampling upon anything as long as it was for the sake of reaching the Heavenly Sword―― Rowan Segmunt was nothing more, and nothing less, than precisely that.

In all likelihood, Rowan would be deemed the foremost failure of a father even if one searched far and wide all throughout the world. Born into this world as the son of a father utterly lacking in such respect or familial love, Cecilus truly thought himself fortuitous from the bottom of his heart.

――The desire towards the Heavenly Sword harbored by Rowan, was something that Cecilus also harbored himself.

That was an endeavor that aimed to tread into the far distance, to a region above the clouds unseen by the eye; by no means could it be achieved by somebody who diverted their gaze or took detours.

Had he been raised in a family that was respectable and distinguished throughout history, had he been raised in a household of honorable poverty that hesitated to steal for the sake of a meal, Cecilus would not have had any conclusive evidence that his wish to reach the Heavenly Sword was not contaminated with needless impurities.

Therefore, it was Rowan Segmunt.

Cutting down all blood relations that served as obstructive fetters, removing all hindrances without hesitation in his pursuit to master the way of the sword with undaunted resolve, he prepared trial after trial with his son’s life as a secondary concern.

That pure madness staked on the sword, free from any impurity, was unstintingly poured into Cecilus by Rowan.

Hence, Cecilus thought.

――As expected, he, born into this world as the son of Rowan, most definitely had it.

△▼△▼△▼△

Drawn from a scabbard of dreams, the Dream Sword flashed as it ran through the sky of reality――.

Cutting the explosion of light, which seemed to invite the destruction of the world, head-on, its tip was delivered to the beautiful girl who housed a blue flame in a single one of her eyes as she shed tears of blood.

Basking in the supernatural stroke of the blade, the girl’s―― Arakiya’s slender body had its very life severed in twain; such a thing did not come to pass.

The reason being, even the outcome from the slash of the Enchanted Sword, forged with reason not of this world, was something that did not adhere to common sense.

――The Stone, Muspel.

As one enrolled among the Four Great, it was the Great Spirit that sustained the vast lands of the Vollachian Empire.

Even if he intuitively understood that what he had exorcized with the Dream Sword Masayume was both Arakiya and not Arakiya, an extreme presence which had been painting over her very existence, Cecilus had no way of discerning its true identity.

But then again, Cecilus’s resolve or actions would not have changed regardless if he had known.

Even if he understood that the vast lands of the Empire would crumble together with the Great Spirit if Muspel were to be destroyed, it was inevitable that Cecilus would draw the Dream Sword.

To prioritize the presence of the heroine over the vast lands of the Empire, was a natural decision for the leading actor.

To begin with, when it came to the script, it was impossible that anything Cecilus carried out with conviction would result in a bad ending.

Therefore――,

Arakiya: [――――]

Unable to endure the power she had taken into herself, Arakiya had been on the verge of bursting apart.

Before Cecilus, having exorcized the gargantuan power that threatened her life with the Dream Sword, the innumerable bands of light encircling Arakiya―― those diamond bands were reduced to dazzling particles, melting into the crimson-tinted Imperial Capital.

As Arakiya slowly fell in the midst of those dancing particles of light, Cecilus sheathed the Dream Sword into the scabbard, which had suddenly appeared on his waist like a dream itself, and reached out his hands.

His body was covered in wounds. Having sustained lacerations all over his figure, his blood-drenched kimono was torn and frayed, his design was far too beaten-up to be called attire fit for a bout.

However, contrary to that miserable appearance, the light in Cecilus’s eyes as he caught Arakiya had not clouded over in the slightest.

Cecilus: [――――]

Languidly, the unconscious girl had both her eyes closed, and displayed a sleeping face that seemed as if she was dead.

Since he knew that she was not actually dead from how she felt in his hands, he did not panic. Only, he quietly shrugged his shoulders as if to say “Good grief”.

Cecilus: [You really know how to cause a stir, Anya.]

Among his faint memories that had been resuscitated in the midst of battle, the majority were of his evening conversation with the friend who had shrunk Before Cecilus into the form of After Cecilus. However, when excluding that majority, the one who had left the largest footprint on his memories was this girl.

Cecilus had a reputation, both among himself and others, that he was unable to look after others. Since he had made it so difficult to follow himself until here, there was no greater handful than her.

Perhaps, it would have been no exaggeration to say that she was the biggest handful in the whole Empire.

???: […I guess it’s fine to assume you’ve wrapped things up?]

Behind Cecilus as he held Arakiya, a voice with a slight sense of tension called out to him.

Approaching with footsteps that emphasized his caution, and in a state of being equally as battered as Cecilus from the aftermath of the battle, was Al.

Not only had he survived without being reduced to spent charcoal at the edge of the decisive battle of the bastion, but his act of playing supporting role by throwing his weapon at the end for Cecilus’s spotlight, was also something that clearly served as his own spotlight.

Cecilus: [That was quite the masterfully controlled performance, Al-san. I think understanding my intentions back there and throwing your weapon truly merits quite a high number of points .]

Al: [What kind of points , as in favorability with you? In that case, I really don’t give a shit.]

Drooping his shoulders in a fed-up manner, Al looked towards Arakiya and said “More importantly…”. His gaze through his iron helmet was filled with trepidation, giving off a nervous and fearful atmosphere, but.

Al: [Lil’ Miss Arakiya is…]

Cecilus: [Not dead. After all, in order to secure a conclusion where she wouldn’t die, I went through the trouble of tearing through my limits a second and then a third time. It would have been outrageous to stop her by killing her! It’s the way of Cecilus Segmunt to meet expectations, and betray tasteless predictions.]

Al: […If you’re fine with not killing her, then I’m not gonna press you for that conclusion.]

Cecilus puffed out his chest as he responded so, to which Al heaved a sigh as he fiddled with the metal fixtures of his helmet.

Of course, Cecilus understood Al’s concerns. It was a matter of if the risk of letting Arakiya live was worth the trade-off for the sense of security that would have come with killing her.

However――,

Cecilus: [If it’s going to be that kind of complex and unexciting discussion, feel free to have it with some wise person with a frowny face in a place where I’m not around. My answer is just as you see it, Al-san.]

Al: […I already knew from the start that any persuasion or arguing with you would be a three-hit combo of unreasonable, impossible, and thoughtless. You’re gonna need to take responsibility for the lil’ miss.]

Cecilus: [Apparently that was my intention from the beginning. Seems like since the very first time I defeated Anya, my intention was to shoulder that responsibility.]

With a light feeling as if he was speaking of somebody else’s matters when they were in fact his own, Cecilus saw the face of Arakiya from when she was younger overlaid upon her sleeping face currently in his arms.

Just like with the friend he had parted with amidst the evening sun, this was an illusion visible to him only because their acquaintance had been for so long. Perhaps he ought to put a bit more of his back into it, and tackle the memories which he had been far too concerned about pulling out.

Cecilus: [But it seems like there’s a separate duty that I need to carry out, before I can delve into that episode .]

Al: [Ah?]

As Cecilus suddenly muttered, Al raised his voice in surprise. But, Cecilus did not respond with words, and instead left his answer to the act of directing his gaze in another direction.

In the aftermath of his battle with Arakiya, the buildings and streets had all melted, leaving the Imperial Capital in a hellish state, dyed red―― within that scene, the malevolent madness of an appropriate figure had arisen.

???: [――――]

With an inextinguishable flame flaring about his entire body, a blue-haired man stood.

His skin was scorched black, hiding one of its characteristics, but the blazing radiance of his golden eyes would have made it apparent to everyone that this man was an undead nevertheless.

And to Cecilus, a fact greater than what would have been communicated to everyone else was made apparent.

Cecilus: [――Oya oya oya, I had thought somebody was furiously dashing here, but to think it would be a flaming entrance! My my, isn’t this quite the flashy production, if I do say so myself?]

He had not been running around haphazardly, rather, he had been running with a clear objective in mind.

The fact that his hurried strides had ceased at this place, was because that objective resided here―― nay, that objective resided within none other than Cecilus Segmunt.

――With sights set upon the Heavenly Sword, the swordsman who neglected all else, Rowan Segmunt.

Having finally cast away even his own life, his father had arrived here in a completely altered form, to which Cecilus nodded many times in acknowledgement, and smiled.

Rowan was grinning in the midst of being engulfed in a blaze. Cecilus, too, smiled in his blood-drenched form.

The parent and the child, for whom naught was possible save for living and dying by the sword, grinning and smiling――,

Cecilus: [Just now, you made me think this for the first time, dad. ――I don’t dislike it, rather, I quite like it.]

Saying that, and ironically forgetting about the After Cecilus, he celebrated that the chance to fulfill the promise exchanged by the Before Cecilus had finally come about.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Rowan Segmunt longed for the Heavenly Sword.

Why? For what reason? For what purpose?

He was tired of hearing such tedious questions. That whole kit and caboodle was nonsense that had nothing to do with Rowan.

Its impetus went beyond his earliest memories, its genesis was consigned to the riverbed of oblivion.

Since the very first occasion he had laid fingers upon steel in the form of a sword, there no longer remained any other path for Rowan Segmunt but to master the art of swinging it.

Even after being endowed with a commandment as a Stargazer, and gaining a son to serve as a vessel to reach the Heavenly Sword, Rowan had continued to do nothing but commit himself to diligent study so that he himself could reach the Heavenly Sword.

Even using the fact that his greatest enemy in reaching the Heavenly Sword had been brought forth into this world by his own hands, he committed himself to diligent study, with diligent study, of diligent study, for diligent study, he diligently studied――,

Rowan: [Ahhh… the time for my grand moment, has arrived at last.]

Soul aflame, life fading to ash, his very destiny was on the cusp of its terminus.

All were engulfed in the blaze, and as Rowan’s self was blurring into the realm after death, he entered into a domain untread by living and undead both―― the interval between life and death, the point that ought to be called the beyond.

That was tantamount to uncovering the very nature, the true essence, of life and the soul.

A few more seconds, real as they might be, the final significance of Rowan Segmunt’s existence would overflow.

Rowan: [――――]

Each time his undead body crumbled, he readied his beloved katana , continuously resurrected alongside himself, and faced forward.

The small figure visible beyond the flickering flames, witnessing it take the exact same stance as himself――,

Rowan: [――Now, let us have ourselves…]

Cecilus: [AN HONORABLE DUEL――!!]

――Challenging the Heavenly Sword, the ephemeral flash of Rowan Segmunt blazed bright.

△▼△▼△▼△

Cecilus: [I’m leaving Anya in your care.]

On the remains of the street that could no longer be called a road, answering the request of Rowan, who had appeared there in a blazing form, Cecilus forcibly foisted Arakiya upon Al.

Cecilus could hear Al’s bewildered voice go “Oioi!?” at the suddenness of it all, but he discarded that into the abyssal depths of his consciousness, and focused all of his nerves on a lone man.

Once again, color, sound, and smell vanished from Cecilus’s world, and it became governed solely by the palpitations of steel.

Rowan: [――Now, let us have ourselves…]

Holding his hand over the katana at his waist, it was apparent that Rowan’s lips had moved to spin such words as he readied himself.

Even if he could not hear it in the form of sound, the sentiments between the parent and child who loved extravagant pretenses had allowed him to hear it within his soul.

Hence, Cecilus likewise responded with grandeur.

Cecilus: [AN HONORABLE DUEL――!!]

In an instant, the distance separating the two disappeared.

That was nothing out of the ordinary for a battle involving Cecilus, Blue Lightning as he was, but this moment was not created by just Cecilus alone, and it was evidence that Rowan had stepped past the confines of human capability.

Cecilus: [I’m surprised.]

This was honest admiration.

A few hours prior, when he had parted with the yet-living Rowan, as far as Cecilus’s eyes could see, his father had not reached this domain. However, now that they had been reunited, with him having become an undead, Rowan’s skill with the sword had rapidly developed, and his talents were finally beginning a posthumous bloom.

That was neither something like his speed nor the proficiency of his skills, but it was a transformation brought about by a change in his consciousness.

The effect that mentality could have on performance was nothing to make light of, but having said that, breaking out of one’s mental shell would not dramatically improve their physical abilities. Hence, the transformation within Rowan was not one of extreme physical nature.

――Rowan had become capable of taking himself “one step” further.

That which was not a physical step, was difficult to describe on a level above that of pure feeling. Just as there was a great distance between amateurs and experts, there existed yet another gap between first and second-class experts.

Thus, between first-class and super first-class, and between them and the transcendent beings that were even further above, there existed more gaps.

Invisible to the eye, inexplicable with words, Cecilus had deliberately expressed that here with the phrase “one step”, and had recognized that Rowan had tread over that boundary.

To think that through the experience of death, he had overcome that difference of a single step which he had never been able to cross over in his life.

People would likely speak of how foolish, how incredibly ironic such a thing was. But, none other than Cecilus alone would――,

Cecilus: [I don’t dislike it, rather, I quite like it.]

An unyielding flame upon his body, as his life itself was being scorched, Rowan, plunged into the realm of death as he was, unleashed a stroke of his sword; as the blade flashed across a world bereft of color and light, Cecilus watched in adoration.

Within the glint of the blade there dwelled assiduous training, diligent study in which no corners had been cut; witnessing this, his eyes flickered.

As a father, Rowan would likely be evaluated as the worst of the worst, and though Cecilus would not deny that, he dearly loved Rowan’s mentality of constantly pouring his entire soul into the role he played.

Rowan: [――――]

Igniting the little life he had left as fuel, Rowan unleashed his greatest stroke of the sword in all of his time, during both his life and after his death.

That brandish, honed to a razor’s edge, was pregnant with an aura of swordsmanship that caused even Cecilus to envision death. ――That nightmarish ending, born out of a single-minded concentration, was something that the Dream Sword Masayume would not allow.

The Fiend Sword Murasame was an Enchanted Sword that could sever the concept of anything’s “point”.

In contrast, using dreams as its scabbard, the true value of the Dream Sword Masayume was――,

Cecilus: [――To devour dreams, and to grant dreams.]

In exchange for the motivation one possessed for a wish they desired to be granted, the Enchanted Sword would harbor the power to grant that wish.

Hence, the Dream Sword had been granted the name of “A Dream Come True”, making dreams become reality. Even if it were to become a useless, dull blade depending on the wielder, it had continued to be extolled as an Enchanted Sword capable of severing the very world in twain. [1]

The blade had spent many months and years being transferred from person to person, since as compensation for their wish being fulfilled, they would forget even the reason why they had yearned for it in the first place. Its owner having changed many a times, now, the Dream Sword had settled into Cecilus’s hand.

For both Cecilus and the Dream Sword, this was a miraculous happenstance.

That was because――,

Cecilus: [There’s no way that my dreams and motivation are ever going to run out!]

That was the reason why Cecilus Segmunt was the master of the Dream Sword.

An extraordinary yearning towards the dreams one harbored would allow the potential of the Dream Sword Masayume to be displayed to the maximum degree.

――That instant, the unleashed brandish blurred the boundary between dream and reality as it sliced.

Cecilus: [――――]

Compared to the decisive battle of the bastion between Cecilus and Arakiya a moment prior, this bout was far too quiet.

The impact bestowed upon the Imperial Capital, the Empire, and the world was insignificant; something like a one-on-one against an undead that would have disappeared either way, could not be anything but a trivial matter.

However, for the parent and child duo that was Rowan Segmunt and Cecilus Segmunt, there was significance.

Rowan: […Ahhh, good grief, what an unfilial son I’ve got.]

Passing by each other the moment their blades had crossed, the parent and child had their backs turned to each other.

His undead father, whose face he would never be able to see again, unpleasantly spat that out in a long exhale, and then,

Rowan: [If this is how it ends, I shoulda cut ya down right away back when ya were soaking in yer first bath.]

Cecilus: [Hahahahaha! Yes, yes, that’s right! That’s the only time you would’ve been able to win, dad!]

At the sore loser who acted truly dishonorably, Cecilus roared in a great burst of laughter.

Hearing Cecilus’s unreserved laughter, Rowan looked up at the sky. Having lost its form, his katana was reduced to dust, and as his existence began to fray from his burning fingertips, he narrowed his golden eyes.

And then――,

Rowan: [Next time, next. ――I ain’t the kinda person who’d give up on account of dying.]

Until the very end of the end, without leaving behind even a single word befitting a father, his body, his soul, was reduced to ash.

Constantly aiming for the Heavenly Sword, and not relinquishing that desire even in death, those were the final moments of the malevolent swordsman known as Rowan Segmunt.

△▼△▼△▼△

Ahhh, how unpleasant, how unpleasant , Rowan thought as he faded away.

Throughout his lifetime, he had continued to walk without halting his step, and ultimately, he had been unable to reach the Heavenly Sword.

The final blaze of his scorched, burning soul had not illuminated the unseen path towards the pinnacle of the sword. How very, how so very tantalizing.

At this rate, Cecilus would probably end up being the one to reach the Heavenly Sword.

To think it would be his son instead of himself, what truly malicious discretion of the Sword God. Chagrin and despair, dejection and lament; if he were to start speaking, he would never be able to clear away the inexhaustible negative thoughts.

Be that as it may――,

Rowan: [Well, guess it’s better than some other person reaching it.]

In that final duel, if Rowan had surpassed Cecilus, would he have reached the Heavenly Sword?

He had not surpassed him. In the end, it was meaningless to think about hypotheticals that had not come to pass. Rowan would not think about meaningless things. Especially when he was on the verge of fading away.

He ought not do what should not be done, so when trying to think of other things, he came to a realization.

Ever since he had been aware of his surroundings, he had aimed for the Heavenly Sword, in every waking moment, in every sleeping moment, he dreamed of nothing but reaching the Heavenly Sword, that was how the existence known as himself had persisted until this day.

Once Rowan concluded that he would not reach the Heavenly Sword, there no longer remained anything for him to think about.

Rowan: [Hm.]

For the first time since he began longing for the Heavenly Sword, he relinquished it.

That sensation made Rowan feel a sense of loss rather than a sense of freedom, as well as a certain kind of discomfort. Amidst the sensation of his soul feeling ill at ease, Rowan thought this for the very first time in his life.

―― Was the blaze of my soul that I had spent my whole life to reach, at least able to become a flame for a candle that will illuminate my son’s path? So he thought.

△▼△▼△▼△

Leaving behind naught but ash and dust, the figure of Rowan Segmunt faded away.

Within his soul, Cecilus Segmunt understood that this undoubtedly signified the death of his father.

Having already met his end as a mortal, Rowan had still continued to aim for the Heavenly Sword after being reduced to an undead, and as his life was on the cusp of burning out, Cecilus had certainly severed it in twain.

Cecilus: [Al-san, sorry for so suddenly entrusting you with Anya. It must not be easy to carry someone with only one arm so I’ll take her back now.]

Returning Masayume to its sheath after it had completed its duty, Cecilus turned around and called out to Al.

However, Al gave no response to that call. On one knee and supporting Arakiya’s body with one arm, as he shook his head side-to-side in a feeble manner,

Al: [How… are you so calm?]

Cecilus: [And by that, you mean?]

Al: [You know what I mean! Just now, that was your own father, wasn’t it! He was still alive when you last saw each other, and yet he died and became a pawn of the enemy, that’s…!]

Cecilus: [Wait wait stop right there, Al-san. You’re a little mistaken so please allow me to correct you. My dad certainly became a dead person, but he hadn’t been made into a pawn. The reason why my dad attacked me wasn’t because he’d lost his sanity.]

Al: [Wha…]

Cecilus: [Ah, by the way, I said sanity with the widely-accepted meaning of the word so perhaps my dad was already quite divorced from that regular type of sanity. On that front, make no mistake, but…]

Waving his hand, Cecilus added that bit regarding Rowan’s mentality.

Either way, Cecilus wanted to clear up Al’s misunderstanding that this was an act of returning the favor for Rowan having attacked Cecilus, which happened because his mind had been destroyed after being turned into an undead.

Cecilus: [Stuff like a child killing their parent was also a major development in the play “Magrizza’s Guillotine”. ――But then again, things between me and my dad turning out like this was something that had been appointed by fate quite a long time ago.]

Al: [Appointed, by fate…?]

Cecilus: [So, it’s simply a matter of that time finally having come around.]

This was a conclusion that both Cecilus and Rowan knew would eventually come.

Thus, when Rowan had returned as a dead person, despite having parted when he was still alive, Cecilus was not very surprised. For Rowan, everything outside of reaching the Heavenly Sword was trifle, so it was understandable that if necessary, he would sacrifice his own life as if it was the natural thing to do.

Nobody was capable of understanding Rowan. ――Nobody, except Cecilus.

His father, who was exceedingly the best at being a bad example, was not an incomprehensible monster. That was sufficient proof that the Segmunts had a healthy parent-child relationship, even if an atypical one.

Cecilus: [Most people would probably disapprove of the relationship between me and my dad, but――]

Unlike Rowan, Cecilus did not view all things in the world as trifle. So long as one could properly distinguish between the cheers and the other interference, the world was filled with blessings as far as the eye could see.

The light of the sun, the cool breeze, the trickle of raindrops, the fragrance of grass, and Rowan Segmunt―― all were blessings that had been granted to Cecilus.

Cecilus: [My dad called me an unfilial son, but I don’t think there’s any son as filial as I am. After all, just by being my father, he has achieved the exceedingly meritorious achievement of having brought me into this world.]

Of course, that would not serve as consolation to Rowan, who had failed to realize the wish he had pursued throughout his life.

Being called an unfilial son for such a reason, Cecilus had no room for excuse. Though from the outset, he had no intention whatsoever of leading a life in need of excuses.

Al: [――――]

Walking right up to the speechless Al, Cecilus folded his arms and tilted his head.

After this, there was the worry of what should be done with Arakiya. Even if he tried to bring her somewhere safe, was there anywhere in the current Imperial Capital that actually was safe?

Were there any safe zones aside from Cecilus’s direct vicinity?

Cecilus: [Having said that it’d be a bit strange to carry Anya around the whole time as I run about… if we don’t head back soon then Groovy-san’s sure to loudly yell at us. He went off to go hold back the caster of that curse, and speaking of which, do you think Groovy-san will be okay with us coming back with the Dream Sword instead of the Fiend Sword?]

From the start, the encounter with Arakiya was an unexpected combat.

The reason that Cecilus and Al had come here was to search for the Fiend Sword Murasame, capable of cutting curses, and unfortunately they had not fulfilled that objective. By now, Groovy should have been doing battle with the caster of the troublesome Curse of Thorns.

Cecilus: [For the time being, how about it, Al-san. While you do your best to carry Anya here, I’ll clear the way ahead, by cooperating like that…]

Al: [――Nah, I can’t agree to that.]

Cecilus: [Al-san?]

At Cecilus’s proposition, Al shook his head side-to-side and declined. Standing up from his kneeling position, he foisted Arakiya back upon Cecilus.

Cecilus reflexively took Arakiya into his arms, and then,

Al: [I’ve said it before. I’ve got something that I gotta do. Lil’ Miss Arakiya was an unthinkable detour… Feel bad for Groovy, though.]

Lowering the tone of his voice, Al’s gaze through his steel helmet was directed towards the Dream Sword on Cecilus’s waist.

Al: [Even I can tell that the katana on your waist is an insanely powerful weapon. It may be different from the one Groovy wanted, but do your best with it.]

Cecilus: [So then Al-san is going off on his own. It may not be my place to say this, but will Al-san be alright walking around by himself unarmed? Wouldn’t dying in vain be the most you could do?]

Al: [――. I won’t die in vain. That’s the one thing I’ll never do.]

Cecilus: [Indeed, seems like it. I kinda understand somehow or another.]

As Al spoke with conviction, Cecilus nodded in assent.

Having acted together until here, Cecilus thought that Al possessed a special trait of the same kind as Schwartz’s “True Sight”. With that “True Sight”, capable of seeing excessively ahead, Al surely would not die in vain.

Cecilus: [But that’s not the only reason why Al-san is trying to part ways with me, right?]

Al: [――――]

Cecilus: [It seems like you really weren’t pleased in the slightest with how me and my dad settled things. Perhaps Al-san also has some reservations regarding parent-child relationships?]

Al: […That’s got nothing to do with this.]

Even if it had nothing to do with this, Al’s tone made it clear that a nerve had been struck, so Cecilus slightly shrugged his shoulders, and adjusted his hold on Arakiya.

Personally, Cecilus was reluctant to part with Al and leave him alone.

Part of that was because he judged that it would not be ideal to have his hands full with Arakiya, but more so because of his debt to Al―― in order to finish things without letting Arakiya die, it was a fact that Cecilus had borrowed Al’s power.

Long story short, Cecilus had to repay his debt to Al.

If Al had someone he wanted to save, then it made sense for Cecilus to assist him in that rescue.

Worst case scenario, he could knock out Al and carry him back to Groovy, and then after mowing down the problem entirely with a swing of the Dream Sword, everyone would go to meet Al’s “Princess”.

It happened at the same moment he had thought that.

???: [――It was unexpected that you did not take her life. Reconsideration: Required.]

Suddenly, the voice of a third party interrupted Cecilus and Al’s conversation.

Those who heard the voice faced towards it, and Cecilus slightly narrowed his eyes. ――The owner of the voice was in the air, not in the midst of a jump, but in a state of simply floating there.

For a moment, upon hearing the familiar manner of speech, Cecilus recalled the existence of the Witch whom he had once killed, but present there was not the same Witch in question――,

Cecilus: [――No, you’re the same person. You look different on the outside but you’re the same on the inside… Hmm? Perhaps you’re a little different on the inside too? Is such a thing even possible?]

Witch: [If the form and nature of a soul changes, the exterior follows suit. The converse is also true, but… by what sort of principle were you able to perceive that with merely a single glance? Answer: Required.]

Cecilus: [Hahahaha, now that you mention it, I too wonder how I figured that out.]

Without any intentions to provoke her with teasing, and truly just not knowing why, Cecilus smiled.

Only, for some reason he harbored confidence that such was the case at a single glance. That the woman floating in the air overhead, her white hair fluttering, was the same existence as that Witch.

Cecilus: [But why are you here? Did you not learn your lesson when you were killed by me the first time, and came to get revenge ? I find the appeal of such unyielding tough opponents to be desirable, but…]

Witch: [To put it plainly, it is to carry out my objective. I have fulfilled one of my two overarching objectives. Once I achieve the one that remains, I hypothesize that I will be able to become fully absorbed in my original purpose of creation.]

Cecilus: [Ho ho I see I don’t get it!]

Witch: [I thought I had explained it succinctly, though. Explanation: Required.]

Cecilus: [Well then how about I also give an answer that’s simple, unusually short, and succinct in terms of myself! ――If you came to where I was to fulfill your objective then you probably won’t be able to fulfill it.]

It was plain and simple, exceedingly obvious, a clear answer unmatched in terms of being easy to understand.

Hearing that response, the white-haired Witch narrowed her eyes, framed by long lashes, and nodded.

And then――,

Witch: [Ah, is that so? In that case, my answer is simple. You cannot kill me.]

Cecilus: [――――]

Witch: [I have grasped that which is capable of killing me within this Empire. By no means shall I draw near any of them. Henceforth, nobody can kill me.]

The Witch spoke in an indifferent manner, and raised both her hands to the sky.

That instant, Cecilus felt a strange sensation that seemed to distort the air and space surrounding the Witch. Next to Cecilus, Al took a step forward.

Since the Witch had made her entrance, Al had not spoken a single word.

He looked up at the Witch, who continued to produce a strange air of oppression, and suddenly extended his single arm straight out to the side. ――The next moment, the melted ground surged upwards, creating an unshapely stone dao , and Al gripped it in his outstretched hand.

Raising the stone dao overhead, Al’s throat quaked towards the Witch――,

Witch: [I am the Witch of Greed――]

Al: [――ECHIDNAAAAAAAA!!]

With a voice of pure rage, akin to coughing up blood, he seemed to lose himself as he slashed towards her.

Translation Note:

[1] – The text here describes the name of Masayume in its kanji form (正夢), which directly means “true dream” and is equivalent to the meaning  of the phrase “a dream come true”.

--- Chapter 65: Starfall Upon the Imperial Capital ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Through transformation of the soul, the vessel was reconstructed into the Witch of Greed.

That was the ultimate goal of the Witch, Sphinx, in bringing about this massive catastrophe, the Great Disaster of the Vollachian Empire.

The purpose for which she had been created, one that had remained unaccomplished for the over three hundred years since her birth into this world―― the obstacle that had continued to persist at the core of Sphinx, regardless of how far she had come.

Following the rationale of the Stargazers, considered to only appear within the Vollachian Empire, it could be called a commandment bestowed upon Sphinx by birth.

In order to fulfill that commandment, be it the Kingdom or the Empire, she would hold no qualms about bringing them to ruin.

As a matter of fact――,

???: [――By flooding the Empire with the dead, was that your objective?]

Bound by chains in the jail with both arms above her head, Priscilla narrowed her crimson eyes.

Those astute eyes held not a shade of astonishment concerning what was taking place before her, but only a scintillating flame that burned with placid understanding as its fuel.

With her lips twisting into a smile at the sight of that crimson gaze, Sphinx, who had now become the Witch of Greed, nodded.

Sphinx: [By nature, the soul and the vessel are inseparable; this I had understood immediately after I was created. The long years of my quest, it could be said that they were a journey to rectify that inconsistency.]

Her purpose had supposedly been to replicate the Witch of Greed, however the soul had been inserted into a vessel differing to that of the Witch of Greed, hence Sphinx could not help but be born as an incomplete version of the Witch of Greed.

Although she had not considered the over three-hundred years of trial and error, fraught with failure, with suffering, even Sphinx was no exception to feeling a sense of accomplishment upon finally having reached the horizon.

And as Priscilla had posited, this was, without a doubt, a path brought to fruition by having caused the Great Disaster within the Empire.

――As mentioned previously, by nature, the vessel and the soul were inseparable characteristics of life.

Even intangible entities like Spirits were no exception to this. The presence or absence of a tangible body was not what mattered, but rather, the vessel that formed the receptacle within which the soul would reside.

To say that they were incongruous, would also imply that such a life would be in an unnatural state. Hence, within the inseparable soul and vessel, there would be a force at work that would attempt to correct this unnatural incongruity.

Certainly, no matter what corrective forces were at work, cases where a vessel would mutate to match its soul were rare.

Things like the techniques employed by the shinobi that altered the soul and changed the form of the vessel to match, and binding curses of reincarnation that required multiple lives as a sacrifice were rare examples of this; however, the former required talent in the technique of molding the soul and the vessel into the appropriate form, while the latter required a strong connection between the caster and the numerous sacrifices.

Both of these were conditions that Sphinx could not meet, thus she was forced to abandon them as possibilities after considering their feasibility in order to achieve her desire.

Hence, Sphinx had taken advantage of it. ――Of the Great Disaster.

Priscilla: [In the process of resurrecting the dead across the Empire with evil magic, you are able to make innumerable observations concerning invisible and intangible souls. It was perfect for conducting investigations pertaining to your objective, was it not?]

Sphinx: [The fact that the Great Disaster would occur was foreseen. The sole consideration that remained was whether my plan would be deemed worthy for that… the results are as you can see.]

Priscilla: [For someone so triumphant, was it not quite the tightrope you had to walk upon?]

Sphinx: [I shall not deny it. Challenge: Was Required.]

Priscilla’s remark was correct. It was indeed an endeavor fraught with myriad uncertainties.

Whether the Sacrament of the Immortal King could be modified to establish a connection with the Stone, the Great Spirit of Vollachia, enabling the actualization of an undead army; whether the artificially-created Sphinx would be recognized as a singular soul and be included as a target for resurrection as an undead; and whether something capable of inducing a transformation of the soul that Sphinx had been unable to achieve on her own would emerge; all of these had been uncertain.

Sphinx: [However…]

The revival of the undead through the recreation of the Sacrament of the Immortal King had been successful, and Sphinx’s plan to resurrect herself as an undead had also gone smoothly. Furthermore, those who had received an alteration to their souls, such as Lamia Godwin and the Giant Eye, Izmail, had also appeared, henceforth laying the foundation that Sphinx had required.

And then――,

Sphinx: [To think that the final push needed was the flame of the Yang Sword, how very ironic.]

Priscilla: [――――]

Sphinx: [If things had continued as they were, I would undoubtedly have been annihilated. That predicament, however, became the impetus for me to conduct countless analyses in the end.]

Priscilla: [――No, that is incorrect.]

Sphinx: [Incorrect?]

At the denial of the fact that she had narrowly escaped the crisis of her soul being incinerated, Sphinx tilted her head.

In contrast to when she had been the incomplete vessel of the Witch of Greed, the height from which she gazed upon her differed. Her face, neck, and exposed skin were no longer the pallid hue bereft of complexion, and no longer were her eyes the gold upon black of the undead, but rather black irises had been reproduced.

Nevertheless, it was certain that Sphinx was still an undead.

The successful reproduction of a soul in a state of being exceedingly indistinguishable from the living had a significant impact upon its outward appearance. The very fact that she had actualized that served as proof of the validity of Sphinx’s theory.

Sphinx: [About what am I mistaken, then? Explanation: Required.]

Priscilla: [Do not use lifeless words such as “countless analyses” to describe what you have brought about. Your life was on the brink of burning to naught, so with disgraceful earnestness you strove to survive.]

Sphinx: [――. I am dead, though.]

Priscilla: [Do you think the dead have no right to strive for survival? Those countless tightropes you had to cross, none of them could have been traversed with naught but a leisurely attitude.]

Sphinx: [――――]

Priscilla: [You strove to survive, and drew forth the outcome you desired. Regardless of how displeasing or inconvenient it may be for mineself, you must correctly recognize that fact. ――And, if you would dare to be mine enemy…]

To Sphinx, whose lips remained sealed, the imprisoned Priscilla declared thus with boldness.

At Priscilla’s words as she gazed at her, Sphinx displayed a slight frown.

Priscilla’s tongue, with its characteristic sharpness, seemed to be praising the challenge Sphinx had undertaken.

It was as if it was an acknowledgement of the fact that Sphinx’s trial and error had borne fruit.

Sphinx: [――――]

Within Sphinx’s chest, a slight unease was birthed. ――One unbefitting of the Witch of Greed, a sentiment that should have never been, was birthed.

Sphinx: [――. It seems that I should avoid engaging with your explanations. Self-defense: Required.]

Priscilla: [Oh my. As if being chained this way was not enough, you would now turn a deaf ear to mine words as well? If that is the case, there would be no point for your continued presence here, or in keeping mineself alive. In spite of that, why do you continue to do so?]

Sphinx: [As stated, I shall not engage.]

Priscilla: [Hmph, very well. Then, I shall lay everything bare.]

Curving her crimson lips, Priscilla ignored Sphinx’s statement of her intention to not engage.

Her words and tone of voice held great power. Once she began to speak, no matter how much one might desire to close their ears to her utterance, her words possessed the power to force one to heed her.

Priscilla: [The execution of this plan within the Empire, and your continued presence before me even now that you have succeeded in your objective to transform yourself into the vessel for this so-called Witch, the reasons for both are glaringly obvious.]

Hence, to Sphinx who had failed to silence her, Priscilla continued to speak.

And then――,

Priscilla: [You are attempting to flaunt the demise of the Empire while keeping mineself alive. For what reason might that be? It is to show mineself the ruin of mine homeland, so as to crush mine heart. ――At the root of which, is your inexhaustible hatred towards mineself.]

――She had correctly surmised the two ultimate goals of the Witch, Sphinx: to recreate the Witch of Greed through transformation of the soul, and to enact her revenge upon Priscilla Barielle.

△▼△▼△▼△

――For Aldebaran, this was a fateful encounter that should never have happened.

Al: [――ECHIDNAAAAAAAA!!]

His voice trembling with wrath, Al grabbed the makeshift stone dao from the ground and hurled it at the Witch of Greed, her white hair fluttering as she floated in mid-air.

The dao distorted the space like a mirage and approached furiously, spinning vertically, toward the Witch, who was preparing to launch some kind of attack.

Al’s ability to jump was not enough to reach the Witch of Greed, but his sword went straight for her――,

Witch: [I am surprised that someone would address me by that name. Explanation: Required.]

Having said so nonchalantly, the Witch of Greed easily avoided the dao with minimal movement.

The blade, which had missed its target, sailed in vain past the Witch of Greed without even grazing her.

――And, that was exactly as intended.

Al: [Eat this!]

Immediately after Al shouted in a deep voice, the dao that had missed its target glowed and exploded.

To begin with, he was not so naive as to think that the sword he threw would hit his opponent. In fact, Al was well aware that his attacks would not be effective against most opponents.

That was why Al’s fighting style would not have been worth considering if he had not laid out all of his moves in advance.

Witch: [――――]

The stone dao that had exploded turned into flying debris, mercilessly striking the slender frame of the Witch of Greed.

It was a small explosive projectile, and although the damage would be far from fatal in the case it hit its target, the way it splintered was designed to cause damage that could not be ignored.

Even with a small amount of Mana, he had purposely sculpted the dao in such a way that the shards would be sharp. ――He was skilled at making the most out of what was at his disposal to produce the maximum effect.

Al: [You see, I used to be in an environment where I would’ve died if I couldn’t do things like this!]

Above Al’s head as he barked, the flying debris pierced the Witch of Greed with a painful sound. ――However, things did not turn out as expected.

Witch: [Hmm.]

The Witch of Greed squinted slightly at the approaching debris and did nothing. There was no need to do anything. The flying debris deflected off the floating Witch of Greed, as if avoiding her by itself.

Al’s attack could not even break through the lingering winds that the Witch of Greed wore to fly.

But, for Al, even that sadly was to be expected.

Witch: [――Hk!]

If the Witch of Greed’s attention could be diverted, even for a moment or a minute, that would suffice.

Using that gap, Al cast a spell beneath his running feet, and the rising earth became a springboard, propelling Al’s body high up into the sky.

Then, Al jumped upward and transformed a stone that he had grasped into a second dao.

Compared to producing fire or water from nothing, using a pebble as a catalyst to transform it into a large sword consumed less Mana and was orders of magnitude faster in terms of transmutation speed.

Al: [OOOHHH――!!]

Employing all of his body upon the springboard, he delivered a swinging blow to the Witch of Greed.

Unlike the flying debris, this was not something that could be auto-guarded by the wind. Al’s full force was put into that face with those all too well-defined wicked features――,

Al: [Gah.]

Witch: [Compensating for your lack of skill by utilizing your ingenuity is commendable but, Skill: Required.]

The slender arms of the Witch of Greed smoothly parried the dao, and her long legs struck the torso of the astonished Al. As Al instinctively folded his body over in midair, the Witch of Greed rotated her hips and kicked him straight to the ground.

Al: [Gah!]

He quickly curled his body up, preventing his neck from being broken by the impact of the fall.

However, the strong impact inflicted indescribable damage upon Al’s entire body. And, it was not only the physical impact that had injured Al.

Al: [Just now, that move was…]

Witch: [I certainly cannot say that it was not unexpected. This is the result of using previous defeats to compensate for and sharpen the skills which are lacking.]

Lowering the leg she had used to kick, the Witch of Greed’s words penetrated Al’s brain, rendering him awestruck.

It was strange. It was not possible. As far as Al knew, she had a propensity to try her hand at everything without restraint, but her athletic skills were atrocious. No matter how much she theorized she was never able to apply it to her own body; she could never learn to perform such feats even if she were to stand up on her head. In fact, she could not even perform a headstand. [1]

In other words――,

Al: [You’re not, Teacher… you’re not, Echidna?]

Witch: [Your surprise is intriguing. Normally, this would be impossible, but you seem to know my creator. ――How?]

When asked, Al looked back at the Witch of Greed in the air―― at the one who resembled Echidna in appearance, and was at a loss for words.

In both appearance and voice, she was just like Echidna herself. But, this was not Echidna.

In this Witch of Greed’s―― no, in this Witch’s black eyes, it was not present. The malignant and abnormal insatiable curiosity that the real Witch of Greed possessed.

Al: [――――]

As Al shut his mouth at this certainty, the non-Echidna being that took the form of Echidna narrowed her eyes, framed by white lashes, and in slight disapproval,

Witch: [Refusing to answer, I see? I would like to know more information about yourself beyond simply being a squire of Priscilla Barielle――]

???: [――Ah in that case I’m terribly sorry but that’ll no longer be possible.]

It was a flash of lightning, an instantaneous event.

Just as the Witch was about to point a finger at the barely upright Al, Cecilus appeared behind her with Arakiya in his arms.

Supporting Arakiya with just his left hand, he pulled out the Dream Sword with his right hand, and with one flash of his right hand, without hesitation―― the Witch’s head was sent flying off.

Witch: [Wha――]

Cecilus: [You said I couldn’t kill you, didn’t you. To be honest the way you said that was a lil’ bit off-putting so I hope I can redeem myself with this!]

Without even granting her a chance to react, the blade easily parted the Witch’s head from her torso.

Above the speechless Al’s head, Cecilus stuck his tongue out, as his swordsmanship easily killed even the Witch.

At least that in itself was understandable to Al, confused by the appearance of a familiar-faced Witch and the fact that it was apparently not the Witch herself.

However――,

Witch: [――Analysis: Required.]

Understanding what happened next was impossible the first time around.

Witch: [――――]

The beautiful face upon the spinning head only slightly loosened its lips, sneering as her white hair was scattered from her having been decapitated.

Immediately after, the space around the falling Witch was violently distorted into white――,

×  ×  ×

???: [Refusing to answer, I see? I would like to know more information about yourself beyond simply being a squire of Priscilla Barielle――]

???: [――Ah in that case I’m terribly sorry but that’ll no longer be… wahwahwahwahwahwahwah!?]

The Witch narrowed her eyes, framed by white lashes, and murmured disapprovingly.

Cecilus, aiming at her slender neck from behind, was startled by the earthen wall that suddenly appeared before him, and immediately kicked away into the air, spun around and landed, then turned his furious and reproachful eyes toward Al.

Cecilus: [Hey hey Al-san! What are you doing getting in my way all of a sudden? That was supposed to be the stylish scene where I show off my abilities after being underestimated at the beginning! Even the audience is booing me!]

Al: [Sorry to steal your spotlight, but I can’t let you do that. After all, if I let you do that, everyone… or, at least, I ‘d be wiped out.]

Witch: [――. Hmm.]

Cecilus stomped his feet on the ground in protest, to which Al replied, causing the Witch to let out a sigh.

From that single comment, the Witch seemed to have realized that Al had seen through her trap―― a technique that distorted space, blowing away an entire area as it recoiled.

As soon as Cecilus would cut off the Witch’s head, causing the power maintaining the twisted space to cease, a dead man’s switch would be triggered―― rather than detonating upon the press of a button, it was a trap with the same mechanism as a bomb that would be triggered by the release of a button.

It was a power that Al could not withstand, regardless of how many walls of earth he erected or how much armor of stone he wore.

In reality, Cecilus might have been able to flee even while carrying Arakiya, but for Al it was a passageway to death with no means of escape.

Therefore, he could not let the Witch be killed recklessly. ――This was a fact that Al had been able to ascertain through fifty-three attempts of trial and error.

Moreover, there was another thing of which he had been convinced.

Al: [You bastard, you aren’t Echidna. Just who the hell are you, and where did you come from?]

Witch: [I have already answered that question. I am the Witch of Greed.]

Al: [Like I’m saying, that’s Echidna’s…]

Cecilus: [Wait wait, Al-san, don’t you understand? Or maybe Al-san has never come across her.]

Within the gap during which Al was about to argue further with the Witch, Cecilus physically intervened. Kicking the ground nimbly and standing to block their line of sight as he picked up Arakiya again,

Cecilus: [That person is currently the ringleader of this big disaster happening in the Empire… so she’s the one who’s resurrecting the dead. She looks different now than when I previously met her but I think she looks more beautiful and villainous now, so she has the perfect airs for the person who masterminds everything from behind the curtains!]

Al: [She’s, the mastermind behind the Great Disaster…]

Witch: [There is no need for me to hide it, so I shall affirm it. I am your enemy.]

Without any deception in her words, the Witch matter-of-factly stated her position; this allowed Al to finally escape the humiliating position of falling behind Cecilus in understanding the situation.

However, the issue of the Witch’s appearance still remained unresolved.

Al: [That figure of yours… It’s no use. I can’t think of any other possibility aside from Teacher having gone too far…!]

Witch: [Concerning that which you know about my creator, I believe there is Confirmation: Required.]

Cecilus: [By the way, I’m still here.]

To the sight of the distressed Al fiddling with his metal helmet, the Witch cast a gaze of great interest. But, once again, Cecilus intercepted her gaze, standing in the way of her being able to satiate her curiosity.

However, Cecilus’s presence here was not completely positive.

As aforementioned, the Witch’s dead man switch was still functional―― without some sort of breakthrough, it would be impossible to defeat the Witch of Greed carelessly.

Al: […No. This isn’t the Witch of Greed.]

Having said this, Al denied the idea that had begun to take shape in his mind.

Though the Witch’s appearance was certainly identical to Echidna, the title of the Witch of Greed was not something that could be bestowed upon someone who merely resembled her.

This was not limited to just the Witch of Greed. ――The title of Witch, was not something to be bestowed so lightly.

Al: [There’s no way that someone could become a Witch that easily.]

Witch: [I have no desire to ostentatiously flaunt my achievements, but I find it quite annoying to be told that it was easy for me to reach this point.]

Al: [Shut up, die hundreds and hundreds of times, and then you can talk.]

Apparently, the Witch was feeling displeased, but this was no less true for Al.

As soon as possible, he wanted to rush to Priscilla, who was in the Crystal Palace, so being held up by an irritated-looking Witch was no joke.

Al: [――Re-initiate thought experiment, territory redefinition.]

Left with his raging fighting spirit, Al updated his matrix as he glared at the Witch.

Even with Cecilus around, he could not be too careful. This was because, along with the fact that one could not carelessly kill the Witch, Al had become convinced of another fact.

That was――,

Al: [Cecilus, hold onto Lil’ Miss Arakiya tightly.]

Cecilus: [Of course I don’t intend to throw her away carelessly but… doesn’t that way of putting it make it sound like I should treat her as if she was as important as a princess?]

Al: [That’s right. ――Since the aim of that woman, is Lil’ Miss Arakiya’s life.]

The Witch, the bearer of the Great Disaster, had brought herself here, all due to the fact that Arakiya’s life slumbered within the arms of Cecilus.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Had things progressed ordinarily, Arakiya would not have been able to suppress the Stone which she had devoured, thus bursting asunder and losing her life. However, your calculations were off.]

???: [――――]

???: [Mine Soul Marriage Technique and the Blue Lightning’s Masayume were factors beyond the realm of your expectation. Nobody can say what would have happened if it were just one or the other, but both had been assembled for Arakiya. ――But then again, if Arakiya had not been able to withstand it until they assembled, your calculations would have come to fruition.]

After asserting so, Priscilla gained confidence in her own assessment from Sphinx’s silent demeanor.

Despite getting struck on the mark, there was no sign of anguish upon Sphinx’s face. Having said that, she did not resort to deceit by manipulating words. An impressive display of nerve in the face of an “ irregulur” situation.

――Arakiya’s survival should have been an unexpected outcome that deviated from Sphinx’s plans.

Originally, if things had followed Sphinx’s estimations, Arakiya should have destroyed herself due to the fact that she had taken in a power beyond her stature in order to save Priscilla.

Making a display of Arakiya’s tragic demise must have been one of Sphinx’s schemes prepared to torment Priscilla, much like the downfall of the Vollachian Empire.

Sphinx’s act of deliberately making Arakiya eat the Stone, was likewise for that purpose.

But, it had backfired. ――Because Arakiya had continued to endure without perishing, it had allowed the intervention of Priscilla and Cecilus to successfully prolong her life.

As a result, the Spirit Eater, Arakiya, had not only thwarted Sphinx’s schemes, but had also risen to a significant position capable of greatly derailing her plans.

That was to say――,

Priscilla: [――The Stone residing within Arakiya was exorcized by Cecilus Segmunt with the Dream Sword. Hence, her life is now synonymous with the Stone.]

Sphinx: [――Yes, that is correct. I, too, have no objections to your assessment.]

That was Priscilla’s assertion, to which Sphinx also nodded in agreement.

It was an affirmation of a dramatic, fateful change in circumstances―― proof of acknowledgement that Arakiya had become deeply and inseparably connected to the Stone, Muspel, which she had taken in.

Arakiya’s original intention was likely to have been to absorb a portion of Muspel, thereby teaching the Great Spirit the fear of death by having Cecilus kill it through this connection, and thus putting an end to the situation in which Sphinx used the Stone for the large-scale application of the Sacrament of the Immortal King.

However, looking at the results alone, that plan had failed.

In essence, for both the living and the dead caught in the grip of the Stone, this turned out to be an “ irregulur” situation beyond expectations of all involved.

Sphinx: [However, you are still the one cornered. If she… if General First-Class Arakiya were to lose her life, then the Stone, Muspel, would likewise meet its demise. The Vollachian Empire shall not escape destruction.]

Priscilla: [Do you presume that mine eyes shall cloud over if my once-discarded homeland falls? You have underestimated me.]

Sphinx: [In that case, sit back and watch. Whether or not this is all bravado shall become clear.]

Crimson and jet-black, the eyes of Priscilla and Sphinx glared at each other squarely.

Despite the heat and sharpness of Priscilla’s gaze, Sphinx’s firm resolve remained unshaken. In response to being openly told that the cogs of her plan had gone out of order, that was a displeased display of intimidation.

At the root of that, rivaling her long-standing, centuries-spanning fixation that had allowed Sphinx to fulfill her purpose of becoming the Witch of Greed, was her hatred towards Priscilla――.

Priscilla: [To detest mineself to such a degree… Nay, perhaps you are thinking of them , O Witch.]

Sphinx: [There exists no name for the splinter that resides within the depths of my chest. Or perhaps, do you know just what it is that dwells within myself? Answer: Required.]

Priscilla: [――The boorish act of a party uninvolved committing it to words, I shall not be made to do so.]

To the unnamed emotion of the person directly concerned, Priscilla had no intention to try and place a name to it.

Even were its name unknown, a blooming flower would still be a flower. In this parable, even if it was a flower that only grew petals atop piles of corpses, there was no sin in its beauty.

Sphinx: [――――]

Silenced by Priscilla’s answer, Sphinx instead snapped her fingers.

At that moment, the image of the distant view that had been reflected in the magic crystal fitted into the end of her staff before the Witch’s appearance had changed, was projected onto the surface of a water mirror that was created in the air.

――The sight of a being with the same appearance as the Witch before her, sending down a star from the yet bright sky, in order to put an end to the Land of the Sword Wolves.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Clouds gather over the moon, and wind scatters the flowers, so to speak.]

Allowing the elegant, picturesque poem to flow off of his tongue, Cecilus plunged himself into the tempest of stones.

The upheaved maelstrom of debris before him was bound to be a fatal hail of bullets through a forest of blades, but pulling Arakiya tightly into his arms, Cecilus successfully evaded it with the minimal amount of movement. ――No,

Cecilus: [How wonderful. It’s a difficulty level that only I am capable of dealing with!]

Licking the blood that trickled down his grazed cheek, Cecilus trained his gaze on the Witch who was blowing a raging storm.

Albeit troublesome, he could not tear down the advantageous position the Witch was maintaining from a high altitude. Arakiya had essentially flattened all the surrounding buildings that could have been used as footholds, and there were no stage props on this battlefield that could buy him the range to reach her with a jump.

Having said that, even if he wanted to lead the enemy to some other battlefield――,

Witch: [――Al Goa.]

Brought about by a short incantation, was a gargantuan mass of flames that plummeted down on an unbelievable scale.

If it were to make impact with the ground, the entirety of the surrounding area would be engulfed by tongues of flame, and it would likely amount to a hellscape on par with that of his battle against Arakiya.

And unlike Arakiya, the Witch had no need to concern herself with limiting the area that comprised her theater of war.

Cecilus: [It’s simply troublesome! Scatter!]

That instant, the brandish of the Dream Sword, unsheathed at lightning speed, unleashed a stroke of cloud-cutting, bisecting the fireball in the sky above.

The bundle of flames basked in the glint of the slash and released firepower capable of turning the surface into a sea of flame out into the sky, coating it once more in the destructive hue of red after it had temporarily returned to its usual color.

It was quite splendid that the sight had been exceedingly flashy; however, he would not be able to quietly sit and enjoy that view.

That was because the mass of flames raining down did not end with just that one attack.

Witch: [Goa. El Goa. Ul Goa. Al Goa.]

At the successive incantations, ruinous fire of immense volume began to fall like a scene out of a nightmare.

At the rain of fire that did not omit even a single shot, Cecilus’s eyes brilliantly lit up―― throwing Arakiya directly to his side, he gripped the handle of the Dream Sword.

Cecilus: [Don-don-don-don-do-do-don-don!!]

While slicing in a staccato rhythm, the shimmering Dream Sword cleared away the downpour of flame. As the sound of thunder, the sound of explosions, the sound of the world ending, were all strummed, the perilous radiance of the sky increased all the more.

His cheeks contorted into a smile; however, Cecilus would not welcome a war of attrition.

Cecilus was capable of disregarding the risk that came in exchange for the Dream Sword’s power to the maximum degree, but forcibly avoiding the payment of resources that were supposed to be limited was a mutual occurrence between the two parties.

That was to say, in the current state, the battle between Cecilus and the Witch was at a standstill.

If what Al had said was true, if they were to decapitate the Witch without a care in the world, the whole area would be blown away. When he strained his eyes, he could see that the atmosphere surrounding the Witch was distorting, so there was quite a high amount of credibility to that.

Even if the space was about to be blown away, Cecilus could probably outrun it and get away, but the moment that Al, who was deep with doubt and capable of using “True Sight” just like Schwartz, did not make any indication of that being the case, Cecilus could somewhat presume that it would be a disadvantageous gamble.

Therefore, this was a standstill, and if the only way to move the situation forward was Cecilus, it would be a one-way ticket to their demise――,

Cecilus: [That’s why this is your time to shine, Al-san.]

Al: [I know goddammit! Also, don’t be throwing Lil’ Miss Arakiya away without any reservations like that!]

Cecilus: [How vexing that you call it throwing her away! It was a feat only made possible due to the mutual trust between Al-san and I!]

As Cecilus caused countless blazing flowers of brilliant crimson to bloom in the sky, Al shouted at him while carrying Arakiya, who had been thrown over to himself, with his one arm.

Of course, he had thrown Arakiya believing that Al was in a good position to catch her, but from Al’s point of view, it would have looked like he had cast her aside.

Even so, Al had not failed to catch something even once, and above all――,

Witch: [Are you able to evade this, too?]

With a short mutter from the Witch, a white ray of heat was fired from her finger.

That was not something aimed at Cecilus, but rather, it was aimed directly at Al―― no, it was aimed at Arakiya, who was being carried in his arms, but the attack that was attempting to stop her heart would not reach.

Right in the nick of time, Al evaded by a margin that could only be described as a hair’s breadth.

That evasion was terribly clumsy, with a form that paid no heed to how he looked while doing so.

Cecilus: [If it’s a good outcome and it’s in- char then that’s fine! However just as Al-san said, Anya is being completely targeted!]

Al: [At any rate, it seems like if Lil’ Miss Arakiya dies, the base of the Empire will collapse!]

Cecilus: [I see I don’t get it in the slightest!]

Being told something that sounded like a joke in a manner that did not seem to be joking, though Cecilus smiled, he did not laugh; snatching Arakiya from Al’s hand as they passed each other, he accelerated.

Cecilus: [Well then how about this now, if you want to tag along, then pursue me with your eyes, pursue me with your heart, and pursue me with your very soul―― Ohh!?]

Kicking off the ground, Cecilus approached lightning speed with Arakiya in his arms.

Yielded in the air as if to surround the range of Cecilus’s sprint, were many beautiful mirrors fabricated with water―― the surfaces of those mirrors reflected the white rays of heat fired by the Witch, and a boisterous dance of light commenced.

From all directions, lethal luminescence was chaotically fired, targeting Cecilus.

Cecilus: [I-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-ten!]

Amidst the berserk tempest of light, Cecilus ran through it as if he were dancing. He inclined his body, leaned forward, stretched out his legs, lowered his posture, and occasionally stepped over the light with long strides.

And for the angles he could not evade, he would utilize the blade of the Dream Sword, and would cleave the water mirrors reflecting the light in twain. With the splashing sound of a flat stone skipping across the surface of water, he basked in the scattered droplets of the broken water mirrors, and cut his way through the storm――,

Witch: [――Behold the sensation of the world turning against you.]

That instant, the declaration of the Witch, along with the sound of the atmosphere tensing struck Cecilus’s eardrums.

The pain he felt running through his whole body in that moment, was proof that the splash of the broken water mirrors had instantly frozen over, stealing heat from Cecilus’s body, and robbing him of his freedom.

Even the water mirrors were carefully planned out with second and third stage preparations, how truly cunning.

The sensation of the world turning against you, this was yet another famous piece of elegant composition.

Certainly, in the Vollachian Empire, where there were nearly no magicians in the traditional sense, the opportunities to encounter a master such as this never came about.

Cecilus: [But it seems like you aren’t aware. ――The world is always awaiting my activities!]

Contrary to his falling body temperature, his motivation surged with an increased radiance. That instant, the Mana circulating within Cecilus’s body began to rampage with inexplicable vigor, as if a lightning bolt had ignited it; the glaciation that had attempted to rob him of his body heat and freedom evaporated instantaneously, and he resumed his sprint.

Having escaped the restraints of ice with that vigor, Cecilus looked up to the sky, and a broad smile emerged on his face.

That was not a smile he gave while exchanging glances with the airborne Witch. ――Beyond that Witch, falling down from much, much higher up in the sky, he had laid eyes upon the radiance of a star.

Witch: [――Al Shario.]

The meaning behind the incantation, indicated that the radiance of that star was something brought about by the Witch’s hand.

Before the sensational truth that an incredible magician was capable of making a star fall, the Dream Sword resting upon Cecilus’s waist pulsated in excitement.

It was responding. Yearning to devour the “dream” surging within its owner, Masayume was doing so.

Cecilus: [――How truly enthralling.]

The downpour of light, spoke thus. Slay the star.

The beloved blade mounted on his waist, spoke thus. Slay the star.

The many members of the audience standing in unison, spoke thus. Slay the star.

The soul of Cecilus Segmunt, spoke thus. Slay the star.

Cecilus: [――――]

Averting a mere sliver of his consciousness away from the star for a moment, Cecilus licked his lips.

Currently, aside from the “dream” invigorating his soul with a supreme challenge, everything would become notions of the past. In order to actualize that, Cecilus lay the girl in his arms down upon the ground, and stood in front of her.

He had chosen the most even surface he could find. Even having taken off his haori and laying it out, he had handled her with the utmost amount of thoughtfulness. [2]

From here, though he felt sorry about it, even her presence would be excluded from his field of consciousness.

Cecilus: [Ha.]

A beat after the hoarse exhale, Cecilus silently unsheathed the Dream Sword from his waist.

The drawn blade made contact with the atmosphere, and as it started to vibrate as if siphoning Cecilus’s ardor as he clasped its hilt, luster began to dwell within it.

The Enchanted Sword would devour its owner’s “dreams”, and turn their “pipe dreams” into dreams come true.

Concentrating his focus upon the starlight, Cecilus forgot to blink, to breathe, even to make his heart beat, and poured all of his energy into becoming one and the same with the Enchanted Sword.

While he was doing so, the Witch seemed to be doing something to disrupt Cecilus’s focus, but.

Cecilus: [Ha.]

Cecilus’s consciousness was singularly honed onto the radiance of the star. Thus, he would exclude absolutely anything and everything unnecessary for accomplishing that. Color and sound and smell and taste, the approaching earth, wind, fire and water, all were unconsciously excluded.

But, merely removing those, was not enough.

――If it was necessary, then.

Cecilus: [――――]

The starlight hurtling down towards the ground, even if the destructive power enshrouding it did not make direct contact with the land, the pressure alone would make the surface split apart, burn the atmosphere, and convert light into pain.

Looking up to the sky in hopes of delivering a counterattack, Cecilus Segmunt, was thankful for this moment.

With that gratitude in his heart, he celebrated all.

Cecilus: [――――]

The escape of his exhale, just who would notice that the way it resounded had changed?

That which was required of Cecilus in this moment, that which was coveted in order to wield the Dream Sword to the fullest extent without any misgivings; that answer had been brought about by emotions that reeked of blood, ones that were awfully transient in nature.

The clash of blades that had been exchanged in his father’s final moments, had informed Cecilus Segmunt. ――It had informed him about the whereabouts of the soul.

The blade of Rowan Segmunt, the sword of the man who had desecrated life and death alike, had done so.

Therefore――,

Cecilus: [――Swordsman, Cecilus Segmunt.]

Indeed, giving an austere statement, the Blue Lightning, Cecilus Segmunt, the most powerful being within the Vollachian Empire, swung the Dream Sword with limbs of length most befitting the leading actor.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Lightning, had cut through starlight.

There was no other appropriate expression to describe what had come to pass.

Only, the moment in which he bore witness to the events unfolding before him, the only question he had to ponder was whether or not he could believe that what he had seen was actually real.

However――,

Al: [No matter how fucking absurd it may be…!]

Cecilus Segmunt had slayed the star.

In the likeness of the Witch of Greed, the one behind the curtain who had employed a forbidden magic that was a specialty of that same Witch, was now wide-eyed at the same reality Al had witnessed.

It was no easy feat to make a star fall.

Even the real Witch of Greed had said that she would not want to make more than one fall in the span of a day.

In other words, she could not fire more in succession.

Al: [OHHH――!!]

In a world where the light of the sundered star painted the sky white, and where even all semblance of sound had vanished, Al raised his voice to rouse his own spirits, making his approach towards the midst of the sky using stone pillars that he was creating as footholds.

A star had fallen, said star had been slain, and thus, approaching the Witch who had ceased her movement in surprise――,

Witch: [It is true that I was surprised. However――]

The stone dao which Al had thrusted forth as he lunged, was crushed in the palm of the Witch. The wind enshrouding that palm had vibrated immensely, a combination of magic and martial arts capable of shattering its target.

If a direct hit had been made, the magical technique would have shredded flesh, bone, and everything else into pieces.

With it still within her grasp, the Witch attempted to smash Al’s head along with his helmet.

The Witch had updated her threat assessment concerning Cecilus, who had unleashed a stroke of sword that was far too extraordinary, and she corrected her perception of Al as an obstacle to killing Arakiya, regarding him as a pebble that ought to be eliminated quickly.

But, she was not aware. ――Even a pebble could sometimes kill the one who stumbled over it.

Witch: [Innovation: Was Requi――]

A moment later, the Witch’s head was struck by Al’s left arm―― an improvised prosthetic arm constructed of rock and stone.

Al: [――Your stars were bad.]

Witch: [――――]

As Al slightly altered the connotation of his habitual words, the Witch’s eyes trembled.

It was the instant she was maneuvering to attempt some manner of counterattack or countermeasure. ――Before Al, who had already completed all his preparations, that instant felt like it was as distant as an eternity.

Al: [――Ol Shamak.]

In response to the incantation spun by Al’s lips from within his iron helmet, the world transformed.

Basking in the unthinkable attack, the Witch, who had become unable to think for an instant, had her whole body entangled, preventing her from moving her body, and halting the activity of the Gate within her body.

This was an anti-Witch trump card that Al had acquired.

Witch: [――Ah.]

The Witch fell to the ground with a weak exhale, having lost her freedom.

Constrained by a power that ought to be called by the contradictory expression of black light, her form resembled the chrysalis of an insect. As a matter of fact, the degree to which her movements had hardened was also to that extent. ――Just as had been done unto the most terrifying Witch in the world.

Al: [But, with this… Blurgh .]

Al landed beside the fallen Witch and attempted to look up, but he was struck by a sense of lethargy as he fell to his knees and vomited on the spot.

His improvised left arm had already collapsed. He quickly lifted the chin of his helmet with his right hand, and his whole body creaked from the enormous exhaustion as he vomited yellow gastric juice from his exposed mouth.

Pounding, intense pain shot through his head, and his vision completely blacked out.

From this sensation, he knew his eyesight would not return for a while. Though, there was solace now that he had already finished restraining the Witch――,

Witch: [――Correction: Required.]

Al: [Ah?]

Gasping for breath with the edges of his mouth stained by gastric drool, Al looked up.

Even when turned upward, his vision remained dark; however, he turned his head toward the sound of the voice and exhibited doubt.

What, had the Witch just said?

Her Gate having been forcibly closed, the Witch ought to have been unable to knead her magic, so just what――.

Al: [What?]

Al, whose vision was occluded, was unable to tell. ――The entirety of the Crystal Palace, located in the northernmost part of the Imperial Capital, renowned as the most beautiful castle in the world, began to glow faintly.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――――]

The Crystal Palace flickered, and the ultimate weapon of the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, the Magic Crystal Cannon, was fired.

It had been unleashed once during the Imperial Civil War, when the living were contending for the throne, just before the Great Disaster had posed a threat to the entire Empire. Capable of even causing maps to be redrawn, it was a weapon that transcended human capability.

That the target was themselves―― no, it was aimed at the Witch who had transformed into a black mass on the ground, a fact that was, as expected, immediately noticed by Cecilus Segment.

It was a suicide bomb tactic designed to lock on to the Witch herself, ensuring that the target would be eliminated―― the person who had come up with it would be a genius at harassment, and this was surely the work of an evil and cunning villain.

Cecilus: [Masayume.]

Confirming the sensation of the Enchanted Sword in his hand, Cecilus, immediately after slaying the star, attempted to push himself even further.

Al, who had achieved a surprising victory such that giving him any more spotlight would have been excessive; the sleeping heroine behind him who, if left unprotected, would cause things to no longer make rational sense in storytelling and leading actor terms; and vaguely fueled by his father’s death, the revival of Perfect Cecilus―― needless to say, he was spurred on by it all.

The star, and the subsequent firing of the imperial treasure, facing off against it, he himself was the Blue Lightning―― and, it was at that moment.

Cecilus: [――――]

With one foot raised as he was about to step forth, Cecilus’s blue eyes widened.

Then, with an abrupt sigh, he lowered his raised foot to the ground. Lowering it, and shaking his head as if to say “Good grief”――,

???: [――Al Shamak!!]

Mere moments before the light of the Magic Crystal Cannon would have arrived, a loud voice reverberated across the skies of the Imperial Capital.

Immediately after, the color of the sky, which had been dyed red and white as it pleased, was engulfed in black, and a bottomless void that could swallow even light had been opened in the heavenly skies.

It was a supremely thrilling and flashy interruption that had completely wrecked the Witch’s plan to snatch victory by sacrificing herself at this juncture, and the ones who had brought it about were――,

Cecilus: [About time you showed up or you’d have lost your chance to shine, Boss .]

The great void in the sky had swallowed up the light, and catching sight of the tiny figures that had created it, Cecilus smiled at the black-haired boy and the girl in the dress who were holding hands.

Seemingly not having heard the voice of the smiling Cecilus, the boy shouted.

Boy: [Like I’d ever let you! ――Bring it on, oh inevitable fate!!]

Translation Note:

[1] – The Japanese idiom here “even if one stood up on their head” has the meaning of “no matter what one did” or “no matter how hard one tries”, and is contrasted by the literal meaning of Echidna not being able to do a headstand in the next sentence.

[2] – The haori (羽織) is a traditional Japanese hip- or thigh-length jacket worn over a kimono.

--- Chapter 66: The Magic Crystal Cannon ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Rewinding time to before Cecilus Segmunt slayed the star.

???: [That’s why there’s people who’re more motivated than me flyin’ around. So long as they ain’t stronger than me, I guess there ain’t no problem.]

???: [People stronger than Halibel-san…]

Halibel: [The only one who’s absolutely stronger than me’s the Kingdom’s Sword Saint. That ‘un aside, it depends on compatibility ‘n the circumstances.]

Halibel’s softly-worded response gave Subaru a sense of both relief and trepidation.

Having a strong person take pride in their strength, just like Cecilus did, was nothing short of reassuring for an ally. That was especially true if they were among the strongest in the world.

Precisely because of that, he could not help but be astounded by how out of the ordinary Reinhard was, who had his strength “absolutely” guaranteed by some of the world’s strongest.

???: [The two of you sure have plenty of time to talk, no?]

Abel’s sullen voice interrupted the conversation between Subaru and Halibel.

Drawing a line of flame with his treasured sword of crimson, he led the group with Yang Sword in hand, cutting down the undead in their way and igniting their very existence.

The power of the Yang Sword was incredible, allowing Abel, who was originally only capable of catfighting with the child Subaru, to move as well as a first-rate martial artist.

Frankly, the sight of Abel kicking the ground with such agility and dancing with the sword was enough to bug his brain.

Vincent: [You disrespectful lot, do not make the Emperor do all of the fighting for you.]

Subaru: [Shut up, this is your punishment for hiding your trump card. Besides, I’m not making you do all of the――]

Work , was what Subaru was about to say, before he was interrupted by a tremor.

Subaru: [――――]

What had caused the ground to shake, was two undead who had dropped from the sky.

A giant and a tall figure landed as if to obstruct their path, readying their weapons behind the sullen-faced Abel and Subaru, who glared at him. It was as if the two were trying to make them pay for foolishly arguing on the battlefield――,

Vincent: [The Monster Arm, Rondando.]

Abel’s calm, black eyes reflected the undead behind Subaru while calling out that name; he stabbed his Yang Sword into the other undead that had appeared behind him, burning its existence.

Accepting the offered name, Subaru looked back at the man standing behind him, who had only an oddly-developed right arm, and saw Halibel catch the surprise attack with one raised finger.

In their contest of strength, the giant did not overwhelm his opponent.

Halibel: [Don’t’cha be disappointed, you’re real powerful. I just gave ya some ground.]

Halibel stood with his heels in the air, the streets rippling like the surface of water beneath his feet before dissipating. That highlighted the difference in status between the still-herculean might of the Monster Arm and Halibel.

Whether that was a relief or not was unknown, but in any case, it was helpful.

Subaru: [Rondando!]

???: [U!]

Onto the body of the Monster Arm, who had been stopped from moving, Spica’s palm was placed as she held Subaru’s hand. The next moment, the role of the undead was stripped away, and their opponent, clouded by hostility―― Rondando blinked his eyes.

Turning to dust from his fingertips, Rondando was released from the mission that had been imposed upon him. That their face looked relieved as they disappeared, was most likely because Subaru wanted to believe it so.

???: [That’s a more peaceful way to go than having your soul burned away, I suppose.]

Beatrice, who held Subaru’s hand opposite from Spica, understood his sentiments.

To the kind judgment from his partner, Subaru said “Yeah” and squeezed her tiny hand back, and then he looked up at the wolfman beside him.

Subaru: [That was helpful, Halibel-san! Thank you!]

Halibel: [No worries, no worries, it’s just as the Emperor-san said. I shouldn’t be just lookin’ ’round all the time, I at least gotta make up for the sleepin’ kid.]

Halibel laughed appreciatively and bobbed his kiseru up and down between his teeth.

The wolfman was holding the unconscious Jamal in his arms, but contrary to boasting about his overwhelming strength, he was probably being overly modest about his performance.

Jamal was in a bad state, but this reinforcement more than filled the gap that he had left behind.

Beatrice: [It would be troublesome if you were satisfied with simply working as a replacement for Jamal, I suppose. An outlier like you must work even harder, in fact.]

Subaru: [I didn’t say that…!]

Halibel: [Well, ain’t’cha a fierce lil’ pup. But, it’s more invigoratin’ when someone expects that much from ya. Though, if I get too enthusiastic ‘n die, the wolfmen might end up gettin’ wiped out.]

Subaru: [Let me just say this, I feel like if it’s a situation where Halibel-san would die, I have a suspicion that the entire world would be destroyed, not just the wolfmen…]

This was not an exaggeration; it bore repeating that this was a battle on that sort of scale.

As was always the case, Subaru was frantically fighting against the obstacles that stood in his way, fervently trying to deal with them, and persevering to somehow overcome these obstacles with all his friends.

Subaru: [Could lower-level people like me please not have to fight against the enemies of the world… what’s with those eyes, Spica?]

Spica: [Uuau…?]

Beatrice: [The day that you became Betty’s partner and Emilia’s Knight, it was already too late, is what Spica is trying to say, in fact.]

Subaru: [There’s no way Spica would have such a detailed overview of the state of the world!]

He objected to Beatrice’s arbitrary interpretation. Nevertheless, Spica’s reaction seemed to indicate that it was generally correct. He tried to stare at his hands, but could not do so because both of them were being held by the little girls. How unfortunate.

Halibel watched the scene with thread-thin eyes, in a good humor――,

Vincent: [――Enough of this frolicking.]

Again, Abel spoke in a cold voice that seemed to split the air.

However, no one, including Subaru, could complain about his latest request―― because, they had finally arrived before their destination.

Subaru: [――The Crystal Palace.]

Even from a distance, the towering majesty of the Palace was overwhelming, but looking upon it up close like this, that impression was not diminished, but only intensified.

It was not for nothing that it was praised as the most beautiful palace in the world.

Beatrice: […Such an outrageous palace, I suppose!]

Beatrice muttered as she tightened her grip on Subaru’s hand. What was contained in that murmur was not an admiration of the beauty of the palace, but a quiet fear.

When Subaru gave her a sidelong glance to inquire about her true intentions, her eyes, with their distinctive patterns, flickered,

Beatrice: [To amass such a large amount of rare and highly pure magic crystals is something extraordinary, in fact. Even if we were to overturn the Empire, we would never be able to build something like this, I suppose.]

Subaru: [That being said, it’s actually here, right?]

Beatrice: […So, this means that they crafted the Magic Crystals they lacked, in fact. It’s no wonder that the number of Spirits willing to lend a helping hand to others is extremely low in the Empire, I suppose.]

Subaru: [That’s…]

Subaru was taken aback by Beatrice’s grim face and her words.

In short, a Magic Stone was a mass of condensed Mana, and their purest form was called a Magic Crystal. The fact was that Beatrice, after seeing the Crystal Palace, which had been made lavishly from it, looked extremely displeased and said what she had just said.

Vincent: [Magic Crystals can be artificially created by preparing a large amount of colorless Mana and condensing it. There is no denying that such a process was involved in the completion of the Crystal Palace.]

Beatrice: [Not just Subaru, but Betty is telling you too, in fact. ――This Empire is detestable, I suppose.]

Abel’s words and Beatrice’s reaction gave away the fact that many Spirits had had their lives sacrificed to build this castle. This was something Subaru, a Spiritual Arts User, certainly had some feelings about――.

Subaru: [Beako, I know how you feel. But, that and this fight are…]

Halibel: [Now, now, there’s no need for ya to say nothin’, the kid gets it just right. Ya see, Vollachia’s history’s bloody ‘n unequaled, but the shinobi ‘re just as bad in retrospect.]

Beatrice: [Don’t compare two bads and talk about which is better than the other, in fact.]

With her cheeks puffed out, Beatrice responded to Subaru and Halibel.

Then, noticing the gaze of Spica peering at her through Subaru,

Beatrice: [It’s alright, Spica, I suppose. My conclusion is the same as Subaru’s, in fact. Despite hating the Empire, there are people living here who have helped us, and there are even those whom Betty doesn’t dislike. That’s why Betty will fight earnestly, I suppose.]

Spica: [Eao…]

Beatrice: […Just now, Betty felt like you called her “Beako”, in fact. Only Subaru is allowed to call her that, not you, I suppose.]

Saying this with even more dissatisfaction than when she had seen the Crystal Palace, Beatrice then smiled. At that smile, Spica let out a “Uuu~” of relief, which came along with a deep sigh from Subaru.

On the other hand, Abel, who had lived in this castle which was the root of all evil, remained indifferent to the emotional compromise of Subaru and the others as he gazed upon the castle.

Subaru: [It’s not just about you; it’s about the deeds of your ancestors. Show some remorse.]

Vincent: [The Emperor does not easily bow his head. If you truly wish to pursue those responsible from that period, you should take a walk. Those who were involved in the construction of the castle might be around.]

Subaru: [You…]

Abel’s inability to stop talking was met with a glare by Subaru, but the argument came to an impasse as the castle appeared within sight. ――In the front of the Crystal Palace, figures began to spring up.

Halibel: [These fellas must be elite, here ta stop us from goin’ in. Seems like they’re real strong, so it’s gonna be tough…]

Subaru: [If the castle is well-defended, it must mean that something important is hidden there. Abel! Where should we aim for in the castle?]

Vincent: [Since the Stone is being utilized for the forbidden technique, the treasury where the core of Moguro Hagane, the nucleus of the Crystal Palace, is kept, or perhaps the underground cathedral where sacrifices are offered to anchor the Stone. There is also the dungeon next to the cathedral… No, disregard that.]

Subaru: [――――]

In the face of successive obstacles, the group’s readiness to rush in was heightened. In the midst of this, Abel’s retracted words made Subaru squint one of his eyes.

Abel’s brief mention of the Crystal Palace’s underground dungeon―― thinking of who might be chained there, Subaru sighed.

Remaining in the Imperial Capital, it was Priscilla whose whereabouts were unknown.

Her survival had been confirmed thanks to Schult, who could feel their connection, but even with Subaru’s repeated challenges, her presence had not been sighted in the Imperial Capital.

And Sphinx, whom they had just defeated, had attempted to get Abel to return to the castle in order to meet Priscilla.

Subaru: [I already know about your relationship with Priscilla. But even if you are worried about your sister, there’s no need to insist on it.]

Vincent: [Do you plan to seize the Empire’s weakness?]

Subaru: [Shut up, you siscon ! Your sister might have the worst personality, but she’s also on my list of people I won’t let die, so I’m just saying we should save her while we’re at it!]

From the beginning, their encounters had never contained pleasant memories, as he had always been manipulated by Priscilla. However, her follower, Al, hailed from the same homeland as Subaru, and he himself had been helped by Priscilla on several occasions.

Also, sometimes he wanted to save Priscilla from a dire situation, just to see the look on her face when she would have to say words of gratitude.

Beatrice: [Knowing her, she’ll probably just say that you’re late or that you’ve done a great deed, in fact.]

Subaru: [I can already imagine it, but I want to confirm that for myself. Abel, that’s my course of action.]

Vincent: [――. Do as you please.]

Somehow, thinking that the reply was somewhat like a rehearsal for Priscilla, who never thanked him, Subaru and all the others except Abel looked at each other and nodded.

For a moment, he was inclined to wait for Emilia and the others to catch up to them along with the former Emperor of Vollachia, whom Halibel had seen off.

Subaru: [There’s no missing the turning point while being so eager! Let’s go!]

Beatrice: [I suppose.] Spica: [Uu!] Halibel: [Guessin’ we’ll go with that.] Vincent: [Do not fall behind.]

Subaru: [Come on!]

△▼△▼△▼△

――For Viva the Dissector, this resurrected state of life was akin to a dream.

Individuals who had been revived as undead were abiding by the will of the caster for various reasons.

Many were reluctant to fight with the goal of destroying their homeland, and thus had been mostly stripped of their sense of self, accepting the instructions to direct their instinctive violent impulses towards the living.

On the other hand, there were also a certain number of individuals who, for the most part, were not under the influence of that mental manipulation.

For example, individuals who were likely to experience an extreme decline in ability under the influence of mental manipulation, would only receive minimal instructions so as not to disobey the caster’s will.

Viva, too, was one of the individuals who was only subject to minimal influence on his mind.

However, that was not because the caster wished to avoid a decline in Viva’s abilities. ――Viva had not even a sliver of a reason to disobey the caster’s will.

The bearer of the Great Disaster, who sought to bring ruin to the Vollachian Empire; did Viva’s lack of defiance against that perhaps mean that he harbored a hatred towards the Vollachian Empire?

Unfortunately, such a question could only be answered with a resounding “no”.

The aspect in which the intentions of Viva and the bearer of the Great Disaster coincided, was not concerning the survival of the Vollachian Empire. ――It was the investigation of the soul and of its true nature.

The reason why Viva had come to be known as the “Dissector”, was because he had done battle with many enemies as a warrior of the Vollachian Empire, and dismembered the bodies of his opponents into thousands, tens of thousands of pieces.

Only, the reason why Viva would dissect his opponents’ bodies to such an extreme extent, regardless of their survival, was not because he harbored any perverted interests. The pursuit of knowledge, that was his reason.

At the extremity of dissection, what Viva had truly wished to ascertain was not flesh and blood, but the soul.

The discrepancies between individual lives, the differences between strong and weak, the distinctions between male and female, just what exactly it was that individualized individuals; thirsting to know, Viva had dissected many a life.

Despite having done all that, Viva had failed to perceive the soul during his lifetime, not even achieving the result of laying his fingertips upon it. He had died in the midst of chagrin. That had been the life of Viva.

But, having been resurrected from death, Viva laid eyes upon what lay beyond his hopes, which ought to have already come to an end.

When he himself was revived by the power of the Witch, who was abusing the usage of souls, he gained a fragment of understanding of the soul, which he had failed to touch even a portion of during his lifetime. The Witch had given him the opportunity to turn that fragment of understanding into an even greater fragment.

Ergo, for Viva, this era was a miraculous one indeed.

Viva: [There are still many, many many, many many many many things, I wish to assess, got it ?]

The Witch who had revived Viva, had also affirmed his insatiable curiosity.

In order to thoroughly investigate souls to his heart’s content, Viva had been granted the right to toy with lives in the Palace, and was provided with an environment where he could delight with more test subjects than he could have ever hoped for when he was alive, undoubtedly allowing him to fully enjoy this time of splendor.

If it was for the sake of this curiosity, he did not care how many lives were lost.

Rather, the more people died, the more variety of resources he would have to use over and over to the fullest extent; thus, the more people he killed, the more Viva’s desires would be fulfilled.

For that purpose, there were still many a life he needed to take――,

???: [――Viva the Dissector.]

Viva: [――――]

???: [Both in life and in death, your deeds are unbearable to witness. Therefore, though I may know your name, I shan’t bestow upon you any choice save being scorched.]

A sword flashed red, and before he knew it, his field of vision was spinning through the air.

The moment Viva had realized that it was the result of his own head having been lopped off, was when he had caught sight of his own headless body within his revolving vision, and bore witness to it bursting up in flame.

It was not just his body that had been set alight; the same went for his lopped-off cranium.

It was a sense of being overwhelmed reminiscent of the young boy who had once killed him, but what was decisively different about this, was that the flame brought about by the treasured sword of crimson, also reached beyond the bounds of death.

Tasting the sensation of his soul being scorched, Viva experienced the greatest joy he had felt since having been resurrected.

Viva: [Ahh, I see it, I got it , the whereabouts of the soul――]

As his flesh, his life, and his very soul were aflame, Viva was satisfied by this conclusion.

Realizing that despite killing many, dissecting their bodies, and continuing to repeatedly toy with lives, the quickest way had always been to just experience it himself, and thus that he had taken quite the detour, he laughed to himself.

△▼△▼△▼△

――For the group that was to infiltrate the Crystal Palace, the battle was extremely fierce.

The dead stood blocking the path in a vast horde, refusing to allow entry to the living, and the bizarre forms of the inexhaustibly rising dead were so repulsive, the living would hesitate to take a step further.

They had previously crossed paths with an undead called Izmail the Giant Eye, which had been wandering the Imperial Capital in a state far removed from its original form; the taste of this situation was akin to that.

If there was a difference it would be that, unlike Izmail, whose body had been transformed chaotically under the sole influence of an impulse to destroy, there was a concept behind the deformities of these dead.

More aggressive, more radical, and more unorthodox, they were like clay kneaded as one’s curiosity commanded.

However, rather than mere clay, one had kneaded life itself. Furthermore, one had the knowledge and sense required to manifest their curiosity to its fullest extent.

And for that――,

???: [Viva the Dissector.]

When Abel called out a name, it was a sign that the preparations for Spica’s Star Eating were in order.

Thus, those who could be defeated by Star Eating should be defeated by Star Eating. This was the unspoken agreement, as Subaru was well-aware.

Viva: [――――]

Despite this, Abel had skillfully cut off the head of the person he had named with the Yang Sword.

Naturally, the merciless power of the Yang Sword would set the soul of his opponent ablaze. ――To what extent they would suffer was something that Subaru did not know, having never experienced his soul being burned.

However, the fact that he used the Yang Sword to cut down an opponent who could have been defeated without causing them to suffer was a clear indication of Abel’s anger towards the other person.

???: [Scary scary. But, I can relate ta what Emperor-san’s feelin’.]

Commenting on Abel’s sword strike, which could have been described as an execution, Halibel opened his thin thread-like eyes slightly as he slid through the enemies, his golden pupils seemingly gliding in the air.

Standing in the way of the slickly moving Halibel were the deformed undead, whose bodies seemed to have been modeled after creatures with long arms and legs, but they proved to be no match for Kararagi’s strongest.

Their elongated arms and legs were mercilessly broken, and all ten or so bodies were buried up to their waists in the ground that had become soft as if it had melted, rendering them unable to move.

It seemed like something similar to the Earth Release jutsu , and how it differed from magic was not clear.

Furthermore――,

Halibel: [Don’t push yerself too hard.]

Halibel: [They’ve changed to lookin’ nothin’ like they used ta, I doubt their names’re still recognizable.]

Halibel: [Even if that ain’t the case, I don’t like makin’ kids do the fightin’ anyway.]

And then, the number of Halibels had simultaneously increased threefold, each with the same capabilities as the original, in what was an outstanding feat.

Although it was known that he could use the Clone jutsu , being performed up close only further emphasized how broken of a skill it was. The Clone jutsu by itself was already plenty powerful, but that one amongst the strongest in existence was able to do so was terrifying.

Beatrice: [Truly thankful we are on the same side, in fact.]

Beatrice, having stopped an approaching undead with a purple arrow shot from her outstretched hand, had the same thoughts as Subaru regarding Halibel.

As Halibel had stated, against such undead opponents distorted to the extent of becoming far removed from their original form, Spica had been unable to land an effective blow.

Spica: [Uu!]

Subaru: [It’s frustrating, I know. But, don’t hurry, don’t haste, and don’t panic. I’d rather reduce their numbers here than be surrounded after entering that cramped castle.]

While trying to calm the groaning Spica, Subaru kept his eyes focused on the undead considered to have been deformed.

As Beatrice and Halibel held the enemy back, those Abel could name were defeated with Star Eating, and the remaining were defeated with the Yang Sword, such was the battle being waged to reduce their number.

It could be said that, although their appearance had been distorted, the fact that they were not being spawned incessantly one after the other in a systematic manner was something fortunate.

On the other hand, it would mean that, after being resurrected as undead, they had by some means been manually altered into that form, a proposition that did not change the heaviness within his chest by much.

Subaru: [But still, the fact that we can release them from that state by defeating them just once is a…]

That moment, Subaru had been about to say “relief”.

Beatrice: [――Subaru!!]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Beatrice’s altered expression and tone of voice caused Subaru to stiffen.

Beatrice’s round eyes were wide open, and the reason for her reaction, had also become known to Subaru. For the anomaly taking place, it was just that obvious.

Spica: [Uuau!]

Spica, who had also noticed that anomaly, the very cause of their astonishment―― exclaimed as she pointed at the Crystal Palace that had begun to glow, slowly painting the entire landscape in a pale, white radiance.

The castle was clothed in a brilliant luminance; however, the situation was not one where its beauty could be admired.

The fact that the Crystal Palace was glowing meant that――,

Vincent: [――The Magic Crystal Cannon has been activated!]

While cleaving through the bodies of two undead, one before him and the other behind, with a swift spin, Abel, upon sighting the radiance of the Crystal Palace, had loudly proclaimed thus.

The Magic Crystal Cannon―― as mentioned previously, it was a weapon with an anti-army level of power that could be unleashed utilizing the energy stored within the magic crystals embedded throughout the Crystal Palace.

Upon seeing the light that foretold its discharge, Subaru gasped.

Subaru: [Are we the target!?]

Vincent: [No! Devastating the ground beneath the castle with the Magic Crystal Cannon would be an act far too careless, even if they are undead who can be revived endlessly!]

Subaru: [――――]

Hearing Abel’s cry, Subaru’s thoughts began to heat up and accelerate.

Abel’s conjecture that the target was not themselves was not a relief, but rather it was unfavorable. If the target had been Subaru and those with him, even if they were wiped out, the situation would have been easier to deal with.

What was irreversible for Subaru, was the deaths of his allies somewhere beyond his reach.

He had not yet experienced a case where the Magic Crystal Cannon had been fired.

And now that they had come to a point where Sphinx had been defeated, to have it fired prior to reuniting with his allies could not be allowed.

The Magic Crystal Cannon needed to be stopped. However, it was already too late.

The light was undoubtedly the pre-fire charge, yet none of the prerequisites for putting a stop to it had been cleared. Not good. Not good not good not good not good not good.

Letting it fire would be――.

Beatrice: [――Stopping it from firing is impossible, I suppose.]

Subaru: [――――]

Beatrice said so to Subaru, whose thoughts were spinning fiercely.

Blinking his eyes, Subaru looked at Beatrice. Then, Beatrice, who had just said that it would be impossible, looked back at Subaru with eyes that, contrary to what had been said, had not lost even a sliver of their vigor.

For his partner, the most adorable and reliable partner in the world, Subaru forced his cheeks into a smile,

Subaru: [Beako, wanna do something reckless?]

Beatrice: [Good grief, Subaru can’t do anything without Betty, in fact.]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s true.]

Saying this, he tightened his grip to make sure that her hand, presently almost the same size as his own, was still in place.

△▼△▼△▼△

Swinging, the treasured sword of crimson traced the ground, and the square in front of the Crystal Palace burst into flames.

Raging like beasts, the scarlet flames blocked the path of those who had transcended the boundary between life and death, preventing them from advancing further and allowing none of them to interfere.

???: [To leave the Emperor by himself at the front line. ――You blasphemers.]

Abandoning such curses behind, a shadow fiercely retreated from the Crystal Palace as it grew more radiant.

What had appeared from a distance to be nothing more than a black shadow passing by was the earnest sprint of a jet-black furred wolfman, renowned as one of the strongest in the world.

And, once the running wolfman had gained sufficient acceleration through his sprinting――,

???: [Then, let all yer strength out――!]

As the straight and fiercely running Halibel kicked off the ground, another Halibel awaited up ahead, and using his folded hands as a foothold, he forcefully flung his body into the air.

Like an arrow, akin to a bullet, Halibel had leapt upward, but that was not the end.

Subsequently, two Halibels having jumped from the buildings on either side had caught up to him, each aligning one of their feet with the soles of the first Halibel, who had been tracing a parabolic path,

Halibel: [‘N more still!]

Halibel: [If I don’t go all out, I’d get a scoldin’ from lil’ Ana.]

The kicks from the second and third Halibels propelled the first Halibel even higher into the skies.

Drastically and rapidly, Halibel soared diagonally, and just as the momentum reached its highest point, he adjusted his posture mid-air,

Halibel: [I can only earn ’til this point. Ya thinkin’ ya can manage?]

???: [――Yeah, that helped a lot!]

Halibel, who had been carrying Subaru and the other two with him, cleared his throat at that reply. Then, having arched his back as far as he could, he flung Subaru and the others from that position.

Utilizing the Clone jutsu , the cooperative play of the four Halibels had gained both distance and altitude all at once, and Subaru, with Beatrice and Spica in the firm embrace of both his hands, had been sent flying.

Having gained sufficient altitude in that manner, Subaru, despite his whole body being buffeted by fierce winds, still opened his eyelids to look at the Crystal Palace, which was now far off in the distance.

He closely observed the Crystal Palace, which was increasing its white light to the utmost limit, to determine the direction towards which the Magic Crystal Cannon had been aimed――,

Subaru: [――Spica!]

Spica: [Uau!!]

He tilted his head in the direction the Magic Crystal Cannon was aimed, and in the next moment, Spica’s teleport was activated.

With that, Spica teleported with Subaru and Beatrice―― repeatedly over and over again, swiftly closing the distance to the trajectory of the Magic Crystal Cannon,

Spica: [Eao!]

Beatrice: [Geez! Betty said no more, in fact! ――Murak!]

In response to the strain evident in Spica’s voice, Beatrice activated Yin Magic that lightened Subaru and the others.

With Subaru and Beatrice now lightened to the utmost, Spica twisted her body in mid-air, and gave them a kick with the entirety of her might as a final push.

Out of the corner of his eye, Subaru held Beatrice’s hand tightly as Spica spun around and away from him,

Subaru: [Abel, Halibel-san, Spica…!]

Having called out the names of his companions who had worked together to bring Subaru and Beatrice this far, Subaru clenched his teeth and opened his eyes wide.

In the next moment, as the light of the Crystal Palace flashed with exceptional strength――,

Subaru: [Beako, I love you!]

Beatrice: [That goes without saying, I suppose.]

Holding each other tightly, Subaru and Beatrice turned to face the light.

And then――,

Beatrice: [――Al Shamak.]

The light from the Magic Crystal Cannon was swallowed by a massively large void that had appeared in the sky.

--- Chapter 67: The Cards in One’s Hand ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――By taking in the Stone, Muspel, Arakiya had ended up placing her survival on the same scales as the that of the Vollachian Empire.

As Priscilla had stated, the combination of the Soul Marriage Technique and the Dream Sword Masayume had brought about a situation quite capable of greatly derailing Sphinx’s plan.

Sphinx held two objectives in becoming the bearer of the Great Disaster, and in flooding the Vollachian Empire with the dead―― one of them, that of reproducing the soul of the Witch of Greed, had succeeded. The rest was only a matter of time until this soul became acclimated to the vessel, and the existence of Sphinx herself would be painted over by her creator.

Thus, before that were fulfilled and Sphinx fully disappeared, her remaining objective―― let it be deliberately asserted as revenge. She would enact her revenge on Priscilla Barielle.

For that purpose, she intended to make the best use of the cards remaining in her hand.

However――,

Sphinx: [――The Magic Crystal Cannon has been stopped, hm?]

Witnessing the series of continuously occurring miscalculations, Sphinx silently muttered to herself.

Reflected on the surface of the floating water mirrors, were those who were taking action in various places throughout the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, individuals capable of holding back the ruination of the Vollachian Empire.

What drew the attention of Sphinx, who had transformed into a form identical to that of the Witch of Greed, above all else, were the boy and the Spirit who had prevented the attack from the Magic Crystal Cannon, the trump card of the Crystal Palace.

That Spirit, taking the form of a girl, had also successfully countered the Magic Crystal Cannon with the same method prior to Sphinx commanding the dead in the form of the Great Disaster and beginning the full-scale offensive against the Empire. But, by Sphinx’s judgment, that had supposedly been a sacrificial technique that threatened the disappearance of the Spirit herself.

To carry out that same thing in merely two or three days and survive unscathed did not make rational sense.

The factor that had defied reason, was the boy who was likely contracted with the Spirit in his embrace.

Sphinx: [So it is you again?]

The inexplicable boy who, while allying himself with the Vollachian Emperor, had thwarted the stratagems of the incomplete Witch, Sphinx, before she had replicated the Witch of Greed.

In truth, had she been unable to grasp the final fragment to recreate her soul in the eleventh hour, Sphinx’s days of hard work exceeding three-hundred years would have been put to an end by them.

And, that threat persisted even now, with her having reached the Witch of Greed.

Sphinx: [――The Yang Sword Vollachia, and the Authority of Gluttony.]

Even if she had succeeded in her long-cherished desire to recreate the Witch of Greed, for Sphinx, who was as of yet still dead, the fact that those two were her fatal weak points remained unchanged.

Therefore, while producing several beings sharing the same soul as herself, Sphinx would take care to not draw near to the owner of the Yang Sword, or that Spiritual Arts User boy.

On top of that――,

Sphinx: [With all of the cards in my hand, I shall emerge victorious.]

Priscilla: [――――]

At Sphinx’s mutter, Priscilla’s expression across the water mirror changed.

A slight smile had emerged on her face. ――In that smile, there was no displeasure or discomfort; in order to distort it with at least a fragment of sorrow, Sphinx would throw everything she had at it.

△▼△▼△▼△

A void had appeared in the distant sky, and swallowed the flame that would have spelled the destruction of the Vollachian Empire.

Cutting into the trajectory of the Magic Crystal Cannon, Natsuki Subaru had achieved his goal. That meant that the Admirer, Halibel, as well as Spica and Beatrice had likewise carried out their respective roles.

???: [It is a great service. ――However.]

While acknowledging their achievement, the forefront of Emperor Vincent’s thoughts harbored a sense of unease.

The neutralizing of the Magic Crystal Cannon, the Empire’s decisive weapon, over and over again in this manner, was problematic.

――In any nation, a force of deterrence that would dissuade other countries from invading was a constant requirement.

Whether it be a military arm that could rival its neighbors, the exceptionally strong whom no one could compare to, or a powerful weapon capable of overturning any predicament―― if any of these factors had been missing, the present prosperity of the Empire would not have come to be.

The weight of that undeniable history was being eroded to naught but a trace by the Great Disaster that stemmed from the insurrection.

Vincent: [In that sense, you all have already destroyed the law of iron and blood that protected the order of the Empire.]

While clenching his teeth to bite back his shame, Vincent brandished the Yang Sword.

Before Vincent’s eyes, leaping over the flame of the treasured sword that had been drawn in a horizontal line, undead of a kind that differed from those until this point could be seen rushing towards him.

Just what was different about them? That was simple. ――Vincent could not recognize them.

Vincent: [That detestable Witch, had she managed to learn of it prior to her demise?]

In the garden before the Crystal Palace, which had turned into a battlefield, appearing one after the other before Vincent as he held the frontline, were all undead who had likely carved their names into the history of the Vollachian Empire in ancient times.

Vincent could match the faces and names of all the Imperial Soldiers of his time; however, he was unable to determine the identities of the undead resurrected from the past, with whom he had no direct acquaintance.

Based on his intuition, thus far, among the dead called forth by the Great Disaster, the proportion of those from recent times had been overwhelmingly high. In the most extreme cases, those that had perished while fighting the undead had been instantly resurrected as an undead. ――This would be speculation, but perhaps those souls also possessed an aspect of freshness.

Or it could simply be that the further back in time one went, the more difficult it became to resurrect the dead, or a greater cost was required.

Therefore, the majority of the resurrected corpses were from recent times, and thus, Subaru and his companion’s Star Eating in combination with Vincent’s memories was highly effective, but――,

Vincent: [To these ones that might not be applicable.]

Even if there were other conditions imposed on resurrection, be they large or small, the best way to prevent Star Eating was to prepare undead who did not correspond to Vincent’s memories.

It seemed the Witch had come to understand this before her soul was consumed by the flames.

In other words, there remained no means to defeat the unknown ancient warriors that stood in the way except Vincent’s Yang Sword. ――No, if it were just the Yang Sword, then there was another besides Vincent’s own.

Vincent: [――Priscilla.]

Yes, calling the name of his younger sister, whose whereabouts remained unknown after the evacuation, Vincent resumed his battle with the attacking undead.

His foolish younger sister, formerly named Prisca Benedict, presently went by the name of Priscilla Barielle.

Upon confirming the fact that, after leaving the Empire, she had changed her name and become one of the Royal Candidates for the Kingdom of Lugunica, Vincent had nearly fainted. But it was bearable.

Her reason for rushing to the aid of her homeland was not something endearing like being concerned for Vincent or the Empire. Rather, it was to silence the one who owned the blades of the assassins that had been sent to her.

But then, the presumed reckless soul had already gone ahead and lost his life.

Vincent: [Chisha.]

Chisha, the one who, deceiving even Vincent, had resolved to defy the world’s fate of the Great Disaster, had been among the few who knew that Prisca had survived as Priscilla.

Chisha, who knew of her fierce temperament from her time as Prisca, intending for her to be alongside Vincent who must ward off the Great Disaster, had been likely to take drastic measures to bring her over.

Beneath that white expressionless visage, he may even have thought about how the matters of the Imperial Throne needed be handled post-war――,

Chisha: [The fact that it was necessary to go to such lengths, I am forced to revise my opinion of Your Excellency.]

At the echo of Chisha, the embodiment of disrespect and disloyalty to the Emperor, he clicked his tongue.

Setting aside his annoyance at these all-too-surreal visions of him, Vincent kept Chisha’s parting gift――the conclusion regarding how Priscilla should be dealt with, as his own responsibility.

Presently, Priscilla’s life was safe, as confirmed by Sphinx’s attempt to bring Vincent to her. That much was good enough for now.

As for the need to increase the Yang Sword in numbers, it would be fulfilled when Vincent became more accustomed to being the apex of the land of the Sword Wolf. ――The moment this thought crossed his mind.

???: [――Thy valiant striving is magnificent. As thy predecessor, I doth swell with pride.]

A deep, sonorous voice struck Vincent’s eardrums amidst the clash of swords.

Simultaneously, his field of vision was diagonally bisected by a sword flash so transcendent that Vincent, who had witnessed the swordsmanship of many a warrior, would deem it preeminent.

That flash, it swept across the warriors of old who had dared to wound Vincent’s noble presence; and being unable to evade, their bodies―― no, their souls were ignited.

In other words, it had been a strike from the Yang Sword.

Vincent: [――――]

A moment ago, he had concluded that he could not desire for a reinforcement who wielded the crimson treasured sword.

Hence, Vincent’s eyes widened slightly at the arrival of this unlikely aid, and upon stealing a glance at the profile of the person standing back-to-back with him, his breath was caught.

It was a familiar visage. ――That appearance, he had seen in paintings of old.

Vincent: [――The Emperor of the Briar, is it?]

???: [The crown of the Emperor hath been duly bequeathed unto the succeeding generation, and currently, it doth rest upon thee. For mineself to lay claim to the title “Emperor of the Briar” would be folly. ――I am Eugard Vollachia.]

Vincent: [――――]

Eugard: [Hmm. Thou appearst both sagacious and well-favored. In retrospect, never have I beheld the faces of mine children and descendants in proximity. Were it feasible, mineself would liketh to exchange many words, and fain to gaze upon thy face for long.]

While the person continued to speak―― the undead who had called himself Eugard Vollachia, Vincent remained silent.

That tranquil aura he exuded, with eyes that held the light of reason and skin that had the color of life, distinguished him from the countless undead encountered thus far. Why was there not the hostility towards the living that characterized the undead, or the signs of being deprived of free will?

Eugard: [Mine love for Mine Star, is why.]

Vincent: [What?]

Eugard: [Didst thou not seeketh an answer to wherefore mineself acts thus, or was I mistaken?]

For a moment, Vincent attempted to discern the true meaning behind those words, but he quickly gave up.

He had to reconsider. For if Eugard Vollachia was indeed the same personage as described in the old tale of Iris and the King of Thorns, then to doubt his words, although incomprehensible, would be foolish.

Therefore――,

Vincent: [The reigning Vollachian Emperor, Vincent Vollachia.]

Eugard: [Understood. Then, let us march. ――O child of mine own children.]

Thus was Eugard’s response to Vincent’s introduction, and the two Emperors stood side-by-side.

An impossibility due to the law of iron and blood of the Vollachian Empire, where the rite of succession to the Imperial Throne, the Imperial Selection Ceremony, took place upon death, these were two fellow Sword Wolves mounting a united front.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The fierce battle to decide the fate of the world continued within the Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

The battle at each bastion between the transcendent beings came to a close one-by-one, both the living and the dead performing to their utmost, some failing, while others proceeded forth.

As if to mock the efforts of all involved, two disasters attempted to bring it all to naught―― the starlight, crashing through the sky, that was struck down by a swordsman who would not relinquish his dream, and the flare of destruction, created by sacrificing the lives of countless Spirits, that was stopped by a boy who resisted fate along with his friends who supported him.

The prevention of both disasters had been the result of each person using all of the power that they possessed.

However, it was not the starlight being severed, or the fire of destruction being extinguished, that contributed the most to the war situation for the living.

It was a man who alone arrived to prevent the next step of the Great Disaster that no one else could have realized or reached, for even if they had――,

???: [――Good grief, y’all are makin’ old people work too much.]

The Vicious Old Man, Olbart Dunkelkenn, leapt with his small frame as he complained grumpily.

The low-leaping, ground-crawling movements of the shinobi chieftain, the monstrous old man, aimed for the undead sorcerer guarding the blood-red magic circle that was painted at the end of the passage.

The sorcerer turned their palm toward Olbart, and then black filth, flowing from the walls and floor around him, formed chains that roared out to bind the limbs of the approaching monstrous old man――,

Olbart: [I’ve been doin’ this for ninety years y’know?]

Faster than the chains could reach him, Olbart swiftly swung his right arm―― the arm missing from below the elbow, and threw a kunai from within its supposedly empty sleeve.

It pierced between the eyebrows of the sorcerer, who was wary of his approach, at lightning speed, and slammed them into the magic circle on the wall. Immediately after, Olbart struck with his left palm, and pierced through sorcerer and magic circle both.

His martial arts, which had been honed for as long as he could remember, shattered the sorcerer and the magic circle to pieces.

He was under strict orders to not kill any more undead than necessary, but the merciful beheading of that soul-tampered abnormality, and opponents like this sorcerer he had just seen, were exceptions to that command.

The sorcerers that guarded the magic circle which distorted the space within the castle, he had taken care of about ten of them――,

Olbart: [――. So it’s finally done.]

Olbart muttered so, sensing the change in the air on his dry, old skin.

Glaring at the inside the Crystal Palace with both his eyes, obscured by abundant eyebrows, a strange atmosphere pervaded within the place―― he could see that the anomaly that had transformed the familiar structure of the castle into a strange, magical place had been lifted.

Doors that should have been connected were not, and the window through which he had entered did not allow him to reach the desired location; it was unclear whether it was an illusionary technique or a magic that twisted space itself, but in any case――,

Olbart: [For now, my work here is… Oy, oy, this is bad, ain’t it?]

Finding himself in a problem right after solving another, Olbart hushed his voice at this sudden change of events.

As soon as the distortion in space had been fixed, the next anomaly that occurred in the Crystal Palace was easy to understand. ――The entire castle was being charged with intense waves of Mana. The Magic Crystal Cannon had been activated.

Olbart: [Drat, Moguro, hang in there a lil’ bit longer.]

At the vibrations of the Magic Crystal Cannon activating, Olbart complained to the core of the Crystal Palace, Moguro Hagane―― the Steelman, known as the Crystal Palace Meteor itself.

Until now, the commendable Moguro had been obeying Vincent’s instructions, attempting to prevent the Great Disaster from using the Magic Crystal Cannon, but it appeared that they had broken through.

It was dreadful that the Magic Crystal Cannon had been seized as the opponent’s weapon.

Olbart: [If they’re targetin’ Garkla, we’re gonna be in deep shit.]

The Fortified City, which had attracted hordes of the dead and was supposed to be a siege for the survival of the Empire, needed to keep its strong defensive walls preserved for the battle. If the Magic Crystal Cannon were to blow it down, the situation would shift dramatically, and the city destroyed.

And, that would be the same as the Vollachian Empire suffering irreversible damage.

Even if Olbart and the others were able to destroy the mastermind behind the Great Disaster, the loss of the personnel currently within the Fortified City would make rebuilding impossible―― And that, would spell the end of the Vollachian Empire.

――Olbart Dunkelkenn had an ambition.

As the chieftain of the shinobi , who were expected to operate in the shadows of history, he intended to leave his grand mark on the history of the Empire and to destroy the very foundation of the way of being a shinobi , to which he had devoted his life.

For that reason, the allure of flashy outbursts, such as a quick rebellion against the Emperor or his assassination, had often been tempting. However, the Great Disaster had made those plans null, and with the feeling that he had missed the window of opportunity for betrayal undeniably present, here that chance made itself clear again.

If the Magic Crystal Cannon were to be used in a manner that would determine the victory of the Great Disaster, then Olbart would fulfill his ambitions not as an Imperial General, but rather as a shinobi .

Whatever the Great Disaster had in store, he would stately rush to Vincent’s side, snatch victory from him, and fulfill his own personal ambitions.

Therefore――,

Olbart: [――Even though this was supposed ta be my final betrayal.]

The distortion of space having been resolved, Olbart ran up the castle and arrived at the turret of the Magic Crystal Cannon. There, he watched as the glare of destruction was engulfed by a large void in the sky, his white eyebrows fluttering in the aftermath of the Magic Crystal Cannon, which had been fired by the narrowest of margins.

If the Magic Crystal Cannon had determined the destruction of the Empire, Olbart could have betrayed the Empire without any regrets.

But, that did not happen.

Olbart: [Kakakakka! That lil’ brat not only did it in the Demon City, he’s gone n’ done it here too! I swear, young’uns these days don’t have a shred of respect for us ol’ peeps!]

Heartily did Olbart laugh, at the sight of the two distant figures in the sky; that of the black-haired boy and the little Spirit girl.

This was the second time, Chaosflame included, that Olbart’s calculations had been undone by the boy. But, he did not feel any anger or hatred for what he had done to him.

As one would age, it would become easier to give up on many things―― but this was not the reason. Olbart was not one who gave up easily. So, he was not giving up. He was just admitting defeat.

Olbart: [If they’re able ta outperform me, then that’s that.]

Having lived for nearly one-hundred years, there had been countless dreams that Olbart had not been able to achieve. Of course, there were many that had come true by force. That was the way of things.

Thus, Olbart was able to let go of his long-cherished desire to leave his name in history by assassinating the Emperor in a fit of desperation, something which, as far as the Empire was concerned, was an act of violence comparable to that of the wolfman who had killed the titular Iris in “Iris and the King of Thorns”.

Then, having let go of his long-cherished desire and having prepared his barren left hand for a karate chop――,

Olbart: [――Then, you’ll come along with me in my dream of bein’ the next hero ta save the country, won’t’cha?]

???: [――――]

A white-haired woman stood right next to the turret before the slightly-smiling Olbart.

At the top of the Crystal Palace, on the turret of the Magic Crystal Cannon that had just finished discharging the fire of destruction, a sweltering torrent of Mana blew around, stirring one’s senses as it did so.

At the center of it was the keystone of the Crystal Palace with its magic crystals of various sizes, the base on which the Magic Core, the heart of the Magic Crystal Cannon, was installed; the woman in white smiled at him as she placed her hand upon the pedestal.

And then――,

???: [It is undesirable for you to be here. ――Elimination: Required.]

???: [Futile, Olbart. Your opponent, Witch.]

A black wind began to swirl around the smiling woman―― the Witch, and the Magic Core itself spoke in Moguro’s voice, as if to alert him to it.

Olbart, chuckling at the obvious warning from the Steelman,

Olbart: [I know that without bein’ told. ――Even at my age, I haven’t gone senile.]

Kicking the floor, the Vicious Old Man ended his dream―― and, delayed the demise of the Empire that would have occurred in that moment.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Like I’d ever let you! ――Bring it on, oh inevitable fate!!]

While embracing and being embraced by Beatrice, her Al Shamak sent away one of the Magic Crystal Cannon’s shots.

Tightly, Subaru felt the power to do so being drawn out of him, but he had an unfounded confidence that he could sustain Beatrice’s recklessness.

――No, now that he had succeeded, he could reiterate it as a well-founded conviction.

Subaru: [Maybe, it’s the power of our bond!]

Subaru’s Cor Leonis, which could take on and distribute burdens, had remained connected to all of the members of the Pleiades Battalion, who were located far away from him.

It not only enhanced the strength of everyone as a unit, but it also lent a shoulder to anyone who might have been falling behind, pushing them along and distributing the vitality needed to run together.

This power represented the realization of “one for all, all for one”.

It was quite probable, perhaps even likely, that a massive burden had been suddenly placed upon everyone fighting in the Fortified City at this very moment, but he wanted to believe it would be all right.

Either way――,

Beatrice: [It was very important that we prevented that from happening, I suppose!]

Subaru: [Ah! I thought for sure they were going after Garkla…]

Responding to Beatrice raising her voice, Subaru watched the void in the sky shut close.

Determined to stop the Magic Crystal Cannon, Subaru and the others had rushed into its line of fire, but with the belief that the cannon had been taking aim at the Fortified City.

The biggest fear was that the Fortified City, where the battle of the century was currently being fought, would have been on the receiving end of an unrecoverable shot, rather than the Imperial Capital receiving a blow at a single location.

However, at the time they had actually prevented it, the Magic Crystal Cannon had been aimed at the south side of the Imperial Capital.

Subaru: [There’s no way they’d carry out a meaningless attack. They definitely had a plan.]

Beatrice: [――. That troublesome one to the south, they went after Garfiel, didn’t they, in fact?]

Subaru: [Sure, our Garfiel is like a little brother who isn’t embarrassed to go anywhere, but…]

At the first bastion, the southernmost point of the Imperial Capital, the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia had been stationed to protect the widest area, and Garfiel alone had been entrusted with defeating it.

Frankly speaking, rather than just reckless, it was more so unreasonable, absurd and thoughtless, yet it was a big role that could not have been entrusted to anyone other than Garfiel. Considering its importance, it was not impossible that the other party was targeting Garfiel.

Subaru: [Who fired the shot in the first place? Now that we’ve taken down Sphinx, who’s the next one in charge?]

Beatrice: […It’s doubtful that it’s a reanimated Emperor of Vollachia or someone of the like, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Please don’t give me any more reasons for not wanting to help the Empire at this point…!]

Just when it seemed that Sphinx, the leader of the Great Disaster, had been defeated, he did not want the previous Emperors of Vollachia to rise up to become the final boss, disappointed by the failures of the modern Empire.

First, if that pattern would be allowed to continue, it would be impossible to know just how many Emperors would need to be defeated.

Beatrice: [But, it seemed like they had a clear aim in the way they were assembling that attack just now, in fact. That’s why…]

Subaru: [――Beako!][1]

Beatrice’s twin drills flapped in the wind of free fall, and her soft cheeks were cupped between his hands, forcing her to turn around and squeal, “Nyah.”.

In Subaru and Beatrice’s field of vision, there was a fierce, majestic figure cutting through the sky ――the Three-Headed Blight Dragon that they had encountered in the coupled dragon carriage and that had once been felled by Halibel.

The three heads of Blight Dragon, the six pairs of golden eyes that caught Subaru and Beatrice, bellowed.

Blight Dragon: [――――KRUUUUUUUAGH!!]

Subaru: [Crap, this is bad, we can’t move!]

Beatrice: [――! It’s coming closer, in fact!]

Subaru and Beatrice braced themselves against the clear hostility.

While the Blight Dragon freely tore through the sky, Subaru and Beatrice embraced each other in free fall, while Spica, Halibel, and Abel were separated from them, up in the air――.

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Subaru frantically flipped through the cards in his head as his thoughts became white-hot, and the world slowed down.

There was very little that could be done. The next checkpoint for Return by Death had not been confirmed. There are no companions that could be called upon. Only one move could be made, either magic or his Authority.

A momentary thought, he hugged Beatrice and was about to speak――,

???: [――Unlike me, you guys can’t fly freely, can you? I hope you’re not going to make me nervouuus~.]

A moment later, a voice with a smile filled with exasperation snatched Subaru and Beatrice away.

Exactly one second later, the Blight Dragon’s breath cleaved the sky, but Subaru and Beatrice were able to avoid it just in time, and his eyes lit up at the sensation of the thin arm of the person who had made it happen.

Subaru: [―― Nice timing , Roswaal!]

Beatrice: [This is humiliating, I suppose! Holding Betty like this is unacceptable, in fact!]

Roswaal: [Well, weeell~, that’s quite an extreme difference in reactions from both sides.]

Indeed, it was Roswaal who smirked at Subaru and Beatrice’ reactions, whom he held under his arms on either side of him.

Like with Garfiel and Halibel, he had been entrusted with the task of conquering a bastion in the Imperial Capital, and with his magic, he was able to fly freely through the air, taunting and distracting the Three-Headed Valgren.

As they engaged in this very literal aerial battle, Roswaal looked over at Subaru and Beatrice, and,

Roswaal: [Well done for stopping the Magic Crystal Cannon. What’s the situaaation~?]

Subaru: [Sphinx has been crushed! The cause of the zombies is in the Crystal Palace! We don’t know what the Magic Crystal Cannon was aiming at just now!]

Roswaal: [Clear and concise… I see, you defeated Sphinx. That’s both a blessing and a disappointment, but…]

Beatrice: [――? Is that a concern or a complaint, I suppose?]

Upon hearing the report from Subaru, Roswaal’s expression turned grim, and his words became muddled.

Beatrice was unsparing when it came to Roswaal’s words and actions, but this time her eyes were not as piercing as they had been. Subaru was also concerned by his pensive expression.

In response to Subaru and Beatrice’s gaze, Roswaal responded, “No.”,

Roswaal: [That thing had been destroyed once before. I hate to admit it, but its tenacity and thoroughness in accomplishing its goals are probably above even mine. ――I’m still not convinced.]

Beatrice: [――. They are someone who makes Betty and Roswaal feel unpleasant by mentioning their name, in fact…]

Roswaal: [Of course, I’m not saying they couldn’t have been defeated. But if it were an enemy whose crafted plans end in failure with nothing but their demise, it wouldn’t have been an enemy of the world for more than three-hundred years.]

Subaru could not dismiss Roswaal’s conjecture as pessimistic.

He was right, because if the Witch, Sphinx, had been a trivial enemy, the Vollachian Empire would never have come so close to destruction.

In fact, the Magic Crystal Cannon that Subaru and Beatrice stopped had not been fired until after Sphinx was destroyed.

There remained the fear that the Witch was still working on a way to destroy the Empire.

Roswaal: [Then we’ll just destroy all of them. In the meantime…]

Beatrice: [That big Dragon is three times more troublesome than a normal one, yet it will leave the stage in a snap, I suppose! Fly now, Roswaal, in fact!]

At Beatrice’s encouragement, Roswaal smiled wryly, and―― the aerial battle with the Blight Dragon began.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Vincent and Eugard, two Emperors of Vollachia who normally would not be able to entrust their backs to each other, were performing sword dances, and the crimson swords flashed with flames that raged like a storm.

???: [Amazing…]

Tanza muttered in amazement at the sight, which was like an illusion that burned her eyes.

Eugard, having sensed the signs of battle from the direction of the Crystal Palace, went ahead, and by the time Tanza, holding hands with Yorna, had caught up with him, the two Emperors were already fighting together.

The undead whose souls were being set ablaze by the brilliance of the Yang Sword were all very skilled, and there had not been much difference between them and the undead Rowan.

But the howling winds of the crimson swords kept them at bay, as they were overwhelmed by the coordinated efforts of Eugard and Vincent, who exchanged neither words nor glances.

Yorna: […This is the first time I’ve ever seen His Excellency wielding a sword with someone that way.]

Suddenly, Yorna, who was staring at the same scene as Tanza, remarked.

Tanza could not comprehend the complexity of the emotions contained therein. ――The shaking eyes and trembling voice, all of which were created by years of not being able to do more than lean on Tanza.

Obviously, she did not know the details of the situation.

However, Yorna was in love with Eugard, who had come back from a long time ago, and she knew that there was more to it than simple longevity.

Tanza’s unfamiliarity with these bonds gave space to a sense of relational hierarchy between she and Eugard in her mind.

Yorna: [I love both you, Tanza, and His Excellency. Both of you are very dear to me, and I love you both in my heart, just in different ways.]

Tanza: [Ah…]

The anxiety that creeped into Tanza’s heart was seen through by Yorna, which made her want to bury her face.

But Tanza relied on the feeling of the hand in her hand, and with the reason why she was standing here in her heart, she ceased wailing in self-pity.

She had to keep her face up.

That was what Tanza had in common with all the amazing people she had ever met.

Tanza: [――Hk.]

Gritting her teeth, Tanza’s nerves were on edge.

She had been entrusted with protecting Yorna, who was not in good shape, or perhaps emotionally traumatized from the battle with the dreadful Rowan. She could not rely on Eugard, who was fighting, or even on Emilia, who had separated from her on her way here.

So, as long as Tanza was not able to join Eugard and Vincent in their battle, all she could do was to be the first to notice anything unusual in their surroundings――.

Tanza: [――Yorna-sama! Look!]

Her vigilance paid off.

Tanza’s round eyes widened, and she pointed to the Crystal Palace’s top level with the hand not held by Yorna’s. Looking at the same thing as Tanza, Yorna stared up with her almond-shaped eyes.

Their gazes fell on the half-spherical tower near the top of the Crystal Palace―― Tanza did not know, but it was the tower where the Magic Crystal Cannon, the trump card of the Crystal Palace, was located.

The tower glowed from within, and then, in a violent explosion, the walls were blown away. Tanza blinked as the tower was destroyed, scattering pieces of the castle in a spectacular manner.

Then, a small shadow appeared out of the thick plume of smoke――,

Yorna: [Old Man Olbart?]

Yorna’s voice, somewhat taken aback, was evidence of her surprise at what she saw.

Slowly, Olbart emerged from the broken wall, but rather than his usual aloof and detached self, blood stained his tattered garb.

Just then, Olbart noticed Tanza and the other living people below him――,

Olbart: [Yer Excellency! Things ain’t lookin’ good at this rate! The Witch’s tricks ain’t over yet!]

And as such, his voice, tainted by desperation, screamed as if to push an impression very much not like himself.

△▼△▼△▼△

And so, at the same time that Olbart shouted in his blood-stained garb―― Emilia stood, reflecting on the fact that she had taken an unplanned action with her intuition as the basis.

It was a big decision to go against the wishes of Subaru and Abel, both of whom had worked very hard to think through the best course of action, and to act separately from Tanza, Yorna, and the others.

Emilia: [If my uneasiness turned out to be just a misunderstanding, I thought I’d hurry back to Tanza-chan and the others, but…]

Following a slight unease and a change in the air, a misapprehension that seemed to wash over her, Emilia ran not to the Crystal Palace but further north.

And there she found someone she was not supposed to have met.

If someone were to merely be somewhere, then no matter who they were, assuming that they were committing wrongdoings would usually be unacceptable. But this other person was a bit of an exception.

After all――,

Emilia: [You reaaally surprised me. ――Why are you here, Echidna?]

At Emilia’s prompt, the white-haired Witch turned to look.

She spoke with only the slightest hint of surprise at her well-formed appearance.

Witch: [I believe I am the one who ought to be surprised. ――Witch of Envy.] So she declared.

Notes:

[1] – The remainder of this section was edited on 2024/06/02 and the translation has been updated to reflect the edits

--- Chapter 68: The Man I Fell For ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Upon being called the “Witch of Envy”, Emilia widened her eyes in surprise.

The cause of her surprise had been twofold: one reason was how long it had been since she was treated like the Witch of Envy, the other was that being called the Witch of Envy had not hurt her.

It had been more than a year since the Royal Selection began, and in the Kingdom of Lugunica, those unaware that one of the candidates was a silver-haired half-elf with amethyst eyes were few.

To put it Subaru-style, Emilia, as Emilia, had become a household name.

As a result, even occasions when Emilia needed to wear her usual cognitive disruption robe had become sparse. And the reason she had donned it so diligently in the Empire for the first time in a long while, was to prevent people from recognizing her as Emilia.

For that reason, it had been a while since she had been called the Witch of Envy. And even when called so, she had remained unperturbed. ――For she had the conviction to confidently say, “You’re mistaken”.

The conviction that there was a person, who acknowledged Emilia as Emilia, and had said “I love you”.

Emilia: [I’m Emilia, just Emilia. Not the Witch of Envy.]

Supported by that conviction, Emilia was able to respond with her back unbent.

After replying so, Emilia gazed intently at the familiar white-haired woman before her,

Emilia: [Although you look reaaally similar… you don’t seem to be Echidna? Perhaps, you’re Echidna’s twin, like Ram and Rem? Echidna’s older sister? Younger sister?]

???: [――. It seems you possess a vivid imagination. However, I am a creation of my creator, and not a blood relative. Correction: Required.]

Emilia: [ Kreashon , kreeated …]

Though frowning upon hearing the not-so-familiar words, Emilia could understand that the other party had denied being Echidna’s sister.

Thinking about it calmly, given that Echidna was from four-hundred years ago, meeting the person herself or her sister here would be very strange. Of course, since it was a situation where those who had died were rising again, there was a chance the same could have happened with Echidna and her sister.

Emilia: [But, you seem hale and hearty, and not like you’ve died.]

She, who looked like Echidna, did not have a sickly complexion like the undead, and her eyes were also normal. But when compared to Echidna, her expressions were perhaps slightly stiffer.

The Echidna Emilia knew, usually had a mean look on her face. ――The crying face she had shown at the end, still remained strongly within Emilia’s heart.

Emilia: [Umm, I understand that you’re not Echidna, so may I ask your name?]

???: [Yes, I too am uncomfortable with being called by the name of my creator. By all means, please call me the Witch of Greed.]

Emilia: […Do you perhaps have a name that’s easier to call you with?]

???: [――. Respondence: Required. If not that, then Sphinx.]

Emilia: [Ahh yes… wait! Sphinx!?]

As soon as she finally heard what sounded like a name, Emilia realized it was the same as the name of the central figure that had brought about the Great Disaster.

As far as Emilia was aware, Sphinx should have looked exactly like Ryuzu.

Emilia: [Aren’t Ryuzu-san and Echidna, both people closely associated with the Sanctuary? Then, I wonder if you’ll turn into Garfiel or Frederica next…]

Sphinx: [You are also aware of the Sanctuary? It seems you and I have a deeper connection than I had presumed… by Emilia, do you mean the Royal Selection Candidate, like Priscilla Barielle?]

Emilia: [Eh? Yes, that’s right. We need to quickly find Priscilla as well and take her back home or――]

Sphinx: [――Elimination: Required.]

At that moment, towards the woman who had slightly tilted her head―― a white light shot from Sphinx’s finger, and with an “Eh”, Emilia deflected it obliquely using a mirror of ice she conjured on reflex.

Were Emilia’s specialty the Earth attribute instead of the Fire attribute, the earthen or stone wall would have been pierced through in a single go, and possibly resulted in a fatal injury.

It was an attack brimming with murderous intent, to the extent that it would make one shudder.

Nevertheless――,

Emilia: [Jeez! What a reaaally abrupt start!]

The white light had not been released as a singular shot; rather, chasing after Emilia, as her silver hair danced, was a hot beam of light that sliced through the world, and with it the battle had begun.

Her opponent looked exactly like Echidna, and like Echidna, she seemed to be good at magic as well.

But, the same was true of Emilia.

Emilia: [If that’s what you want to do, then I’m going to give it my all too! After making sure you can’t move, I’m taking you to Subaru and the others!]

Sphinx: [I do not wish to meet them ever again. Hence, I shall take your life here, and ascertain the type of expression Priscilla Barielle would have.]

Emilia: [――! Do you know where Priscilla is?]

As she sliced away the attacks of light released from all directions with a sword of ice that shone like a mirror, Emilia’s amethyst eyes sparkled in response to Sphinx’s words.

She had a feeling that Priscilla would have wanted to head for the Crystal Palace for some reason and would thus be found there, but getting Sphinx to reveal her exact location would be the best.

All the more, Emilia was determined not to lose. Sphinx, who had the same face as Echidna, narrowed her eyes at Emilia’s enthusiasm, and with slight irritation,

Sphinx: [It would be problematic if I failed to secure this area. ――Repulsion: Required.]

That, was what she had quietly muttered.

△▼△▼△▼△

The battery of the Magic Crystal Cannon was installed on the highest floor of the Crystal Palace, and within the spire where it was operated, a battle had broken out.

The space was far too wide when considering its intended purpose, but since there were walls and ceilings, the enclosed environment was an advantageous battleground for the shinobi , Olbart.

The strength of the techniques employed by the shinobi lay in their variety and applicability. Although developed to enable the fulfillment of the mission in any environment, all the various techniques had the ultimate goal of reaping the life of the opponent.

As a battleground where that could be achieved, this space was ideal.

Olbart: [When it comes ta cramped spaces, don’t magicians tend ta buckle under the constraints?]

A battle, in essence, was about imposing one’s strengths upon the weaknesses of the other.

This was the basis of Olbart’s fighting style as a shinobi . Rather, in order to respond to the weaknesses of all sorts of opponents, he had purposely avoided forming his own specialty.

Prior to Olbart becoming the head honcho, the shinobi were generally encouraged to specialize in a singular technique.

However, the idealized conception of single-skill specialization was only for the privileged few like Cecilus and Arakiya, who possessed a single technique that could be effective against anyone, while those with ordinary abilities must be adaptable or they would simply die.

Although Olbart did not particularly care how many people died other than himself, he did feel pity for the shinobi who were dying merely because they had been taught wrong.

Thus, when Olbart became the head honcho, he immediately abandoned the doctrine of single-technique specialization.

Rather than blindly honing one’s own special skill, thoroughly training in strategies to thwart the strong points of the opponent, and learning techniques of guiding the battle so as to bring about that situation. But then again, this change did not readily bear fruit. Those who had been properly shaped by it were few, with the last being a genius girl who had appeared in the village four or five years prior.

It seemed like that genius girl had also died, so the cultivation of talented individuals was nothing more than a lost cause.

――Truly, his life was filled with nothing but regret.

Olbart: [That’s why, at least, gimme a reason ta have lived ta my dotage.]

Having kicked off the floor, he sent off shards of broken stone to smash into the Witch’s head.

Simultaneously swinging his right arm that lacked a hand and his left arm that had a hand back and forth, Olbart threw spinning kunai that would reach the target with a time delay, then he exploded off the ground with his legs.

Be it evading the flying debris, avoiding the chop from Olbart’s hand, or shooting down the kunai approaching from both sides, all of these actions were chipping away at the Witch’s ability to take the initiative, and gnawing at her life.

At that assault from the shinobi ――,

Witch: [――Perspective Shift: Required.]

The white-haired Witch who had slightly narrowed her eyes, received it in its entirety without any show of resistance.

Olbart: [――――]

The flying debris had split her forehead, kunai had been thrust into her neck and femur, and her chest had been pierced through the middle by Olbart’s hand. Even then, the Witch had not moved an inch.

The Witch had been unable to react to Olbart’s movements. ――No, the Witch’s gaze had been following his movements. She was not as sluggish as her appearance seemed to suggest, that was what Olbart concluded.

In other words, the Witch could have done something but had gotten hit without doing anything. ――No, she would do so from now.

The next moment, surrounding Olbart and the Witch now in close proximity to each other, countless fist-sized orbs of light had begun to float in the air.

???: [Olbart!]

Moguro, who had realized the same thing, shouted, and Olbart, with a single long eyebrow raised, looked at the Witch.

The Witch, her beautiful countenance not having wavered in the slightest, had been observing Olbart for his subsequent decision. That gaze, which felt like it was peering into the ninety years of his life, made him feel nauseous.

Based on that, Olbart had gotten his priorities in order. Rather than aiming for the Witch’s life, he would thwart her objectives.

Bearing fatal injuries all over her body, even after being pierced through her chest she remained with her hand on the pedestal―― he would aim to sever the flow of Mana that the Witch had been pouring into the Magic Core of the Crystal Palace.

Olbart: [Y’know, they say harassment’s what we shinobi ‘re made of.]

That instant, the Witch’s wrist making contact with the pedestal was blown away by the toes that had shot up―― and the countless orbs of light surged forward to annihilate the small-statured Olbart, together with the entirety of the Witch who had cast them.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Yorna Mishigure!]

Upon sensing that something was off, Vincent took a step back from the battlefield and shouted out down towards Yorna.

Overhead, the voice of Olbart that had come down from the half-destroyed battery of the Magic Crystal Cannon was one of urgency, one that did not maintain the usual easygoing attitude of the Vicious Old Man.

Sharply turning his gaze to the side, Vincent swung his Yang Sword adjacent to himself, and locked eyes with Eugard, who was restraining the undead in the vicinity.

Eugard: [Thou must proceed.]

Entrusting this location to Eugard, who had guessed his intentions with a brief comment, Vincent hastened to Yorna. Receiving Vincent’s gaze, and after displaying a face of befuddlement for but a moment, Yorna tensed her lips and let go of the hand of the deergirl next to her―― of Tanza,

Yorna: [Tanza, please support His Excellency Vincent!]

Tanza: [――! Yes, understood.]

Drawing her chin in assent at Yorna’s call, Tanza made a cup with her hands and slightly bent down. Surmising the intention behind Tanza’s movements, Vincent made an agile hop, landing with his feet in the small hands of the girl.

The next moment, with a vigorous upheaval of those slender arms, Tanza launched Vincent towards the sky―― straight upwards, aiming for the uppermost floor of the Crystal Palace.

Vincent: [――Hk.]

The vigor was lacking, so, kicking off of the wall of the Palace in order to make up for the unreached distance, Vincent arrived at the uppermost floor that was over five meters above him. The thought that he was doing something similar to Cecilus, who would side-step staircases when going up and down, grazed his mind, but such ideas immediately vanished.

After all, this was the first time Vincent had seen Olbart in such a state.

Olbart: [Kakakakka…! Did’cha think I was dead when ya saw me, ain’t that hilarious?]

Alongside the half-destroyed wall of the battery, Olbart sat with a knee up as he laughed in a low voice. However, the monstrous old man was drenched in blood, and his characteristically overly-long eyebrows were sagging. Among all his wounds, the gravest by far was that of his left arm having been blown off in the wake of his right one.

For Olbart to have engaged in such a close bout of combat, just how powerful an individual had been present here?

――No, what mattered now was.

Vincent: [Before you die, speak. What was the Witch plotting?]

Olbart: [Kakah, this really do be some harsh treatment of the elderly… If ya look at Moguro you’ll be able ta tell.]

Vincent: [Moguro Hagane…]

As Olbart quite literally coughed up blood while speaking, Vincent turned around at his words, and looked at the pedestal installed within the ruinous battery, and the green orb slotted therein―― the Magic Core.

The Crystal Palace, constructed with an unsparing amount of magic crystals, was an unfathomable condensation of Mana, and thus was tantamount to a tremendously enormous bomb. The reason why that had been enshrined in the Imperial Capital, the center of the Empire, was due to the existence of the Magic Core governing over it.

The Magic Core was that which served as the very heart of the Crystal Palace. ――Vincent’s sable eyes could see the rising abnormality in the green glimmer of that heart, the Magic Core.

That meant――,

Vincent: [――Overloading the Magic Core, they intend to blow up the Crystal Palace along with the entire Imperial Capital!]

???: [Olbart, impeded it. Stopped, the Witch, midway through.]

The Witch’s gambit, which Olbart had spoken of, as Vincent shuddered upon surmising its true intent, the Magic Core―― Moguro Hagane’s voice substantiated it.

As mentioned previously, it was the distinguished achievement of the Magic Core that miraculously kept the magic crystals of the Crystal Palace steady. By pouring a vast amount of Mana into the Magic Core, the Witch had placed a large burden on its processing power. By doing that, she had plotted to have the Magic Core lose its function of control, destroying the equilibrium of the magic crystals, and blowing away the city.

Having comprehended that much, a momentary unease was birthed in Vincent’s mind.

Vincent: [The Witch was present here? Before she went up in flames?]

Moguro: [Incorrect. The Witch, was not burning. Olbart and myself, fought her together.]

Vincent: [――――]

From the way Moguro had put it, Vincent’s misgivings were not cleared up.

The one known as the Witch on this battlefield, Sphinx, was supposed to have perished with her soul scorched to naught, ensnared by the stratagems of Chisha and Natsuki Subaru.

In that case, did that mean there were two Witches? Or perhaps――.

Vincent: [The matter at hand is what ought to take priority.]

Discontinuing the thought that had veered off-course, Vincent looked down at the Magic Core.

By way of Olbart’s hard-fought battle, the annihilation of the Imperial Capital by means of the Magic Core’s loss of control had been averted―― no, it had merely been delayed. Looking at the state of the Magic Core, it was apparent that its equilibrium had already been lost.

The fuse of the Magic Core had already been set off. No longer could a detonation be avoided.

Vincent: [――Moguro Hagane, you have done a great service until now.]

When he gained conviction of that reality, Vincent called out to Moguro as such.

As the Steelman Moguro Hagane, the Meteor that was this Crystal Palace itself had served the Vollachian Emperor Vincent well. To put it clearly, among the Nine Divine Generals, who had experienced nothing but problems in matters outside of pure strength, Moguro and Groovy had been unfathomably useful.

In order to repay Moguro, who had been such a loyal retainer, Vincent had but one method.

Vincent: [In accordance with your wishes, I shall ensure the tranquility of the Vollachian Empire, no matter what.]

Moguro: [――. Your Excellency, thank you. Your Excellency, tells no lie.]

Vincent: [Fool, I do not hesitate to dupe others if necessary.]

Moguro: [People, you deceive. Me, you do not.]

At Moguro’s words of stout belief, Vincent gave a slight exhale, and loosened his lips.

This Meteor was supposed to be a stone puppet in whom no blood flowed, and yet in the world of the Empire, fervent with tricks and plots, they were a valuable existence that seemed almost too good to be true.

Olbart: […So what’d’ya intend on doing, Yer Excellency.]

Vincent: [Even were the Magic Core to be removed from the pedestal, we have no means of removing it from the premises. In that case, the ruination of the Magic Core and of the Crystal Palace itself, there is no option save burning both to naught. ――Yang Sword Vollachia.]

Questioned by Olbart, Vincent displayed the Yang Sword within his grip.

If he called for Eugard to come here, then with two Yang Swords―― there would be no meaning in doing such a thing. What would be required in the current predicament, was not a matter of manpower, but of output.

To scorch the Magic Core, and the power concealed within, to ash by the flame of the Yang Sword. Before the power overflowing from the Magic Core could engulf the Crystal Palace and Imperial Capital, and blow them away.

In all likelihood, everything would end up being settled in a mere moment.

Vincent: [Or perhaps, do you have any other ideas?]

Olbart: [Hm? I ain’t got a plan, ain’t even got two arms ta raise if I wanted ta surrender. If Yer Excellency can’t think of anythin’, then nobody else in the whole world, let alone the Empire, would be able ta think of anythin’ either, right?]

Vincent: [――Hmph.]

As the monstrous old man shrugged his armless shoulders, Vincent slightly snorted his nose.

The notion that nobody in the world other than Vincent would be able to come up with a countermeasure, was an overestimation. If it were not Vincent present here, but instead Subaru, Chisha, or Priscilla――.

Vincent: [Think not of such fruitless things, O foolish Vincent Vollachia.]

Indeed, deriding his own self as foolish, Vincent readied the Yang Sword with a two-handed grip.

Stood before the growing radiance of the Magic Core upon the pedestal, before the radiance of the Yang Sword, before the treasured sword of crimson that served as the greatest treasure of the Vollachian Empire, the Vollachian Empire of the present day implored the display of its power.

The next instant, the area surrounding Vincent―― nay, the area surrounding the Yang Sword began to harbor heat in its air, distorting the world akin to a wavering mirage. Setting rubbish alight, roasting the atmosphere, forcibly painting over the Mana in the air with the Fire attribute, the scintillation of the Yang Sword was emboldened.

The heat radiated by the brilliant red blade began to gleam white at the signs of the rising flame.

Olbart: [Geez, now this sure is somethin’.]

Present in the same vicinity, Olbart received the full influence of the heat brought about by the Yang Sword, and he was silently surprised at the swell of the treasured sword’s power.

To begin with, the Yang Sword was something that was sparsely drawn. Even for Olbart, who had lived through three generations of Emperors, this was the first time he had witnessed this much of the Yang Sword’s power on display.

For Vincent himself, this was his first time unleashing this much of the Yang Sword’s power.

However――,

Vincent: [――Insufficient.]

While feeling the unprecedented upsurge of power, Vincent ascertained that the output was lacking.

Calculating the ratio of the ever-increasing pressure of the Magic Core and the magic crystals used in the construction of the Crystal Palace, the current output of the Yang Sword would not be able to burn away the might of the explosion. It was not a matter of reducing it as much as possible. What was required, was a complete eradication.

And with Vincent’s incomplete Yang Sword, that would be impossible.

The Yang Sword of Vincent Vollachia, was not capable of displaying its true value.

The reason was plain and simple―― Vincent had allowed his biological sister, Prisca Benedict, to live, and thus the Imperial Selection Ceremony had yet to come to an end in its truest form. Deceiving all citizens of the Empire, he was a transient Emperor who had ascended to the Imperial Throne without having gained the right to do so.

Ergo, Vincent could not draw out the true power of the Yang Sword Vollachia.

In regards to the true value of the Yang Sword, the same went for Eugard, one of the historic Emperors.

After all, although the Yang Sword lent its power to the undead Eugard by way of his imperial lineage, its true power would dwell in naught but the true Emperor of the current generation.

Was his only option to make the attempt with the incomplete Yang Sword? Or perhaps――,

Vincent: [――In exchange for my own life…]

Offering something of equal value, he would seek to invoke the true flame of the Yang Sword.

It was a choice that was quite likely to reduce the promise he had just exchanged with Moguro to dreck, but if that was what it took, Vincent would enact it.

All things, were the results of the path Vincent had chosen to walk. Atop the extremity of all the results of choices he had piled up, currently, Vincent was standing.

Therefore――,

Vincent: [The duty I must fulfill――]

???: [――I don’t think so, Abel-chin.]

Imploring the Yang Sword in his grip, Vincent was about to draw out value equivalent to setting his own life aflame. That hand of Vincent’s, was held down by the white hand of the one who stood next to him.

Lost in concentration, the tall woman had gotten close to him through the opening in his undelivered attention. At the blue eyes staring into his side-profile, Vincent widened his eyes.

Vincent: [Medium O’Connell…]

Medium: [Ehehe, I’m here.]

Vincent: [――――]

As Medium smiled with her answer, Vincent was at a loss for words.

This place where the heat of the Yang Sword only continued to swell, was no longer suitable for ordinary individuals to breathe. She had suddenly appeared in such a place; however, she was smiling.

With a smile on her face, and her hand holding down Vincent’s,

Medium: [I know that Abel-chin is carrying a huge responsibility. But, you can’t let yourself die. After all, that’s the kinda thing I hate the most.]

Vincent: [Think about the magnitude of the matter at hand. To begin with, you have no qualifications to divulge your opinion to me.]

Medium: [Ehhh~! Yes I do! I’m becoming Abel-chin’s wife, aren’t I!?]

Vincent: [That is…]

Medium: [You said that it was okay!]

Vincent: [――――]

Medium: [You said so!]

Held down by her vigorousness, Vincent was overwhelmed by Medium’s fierce spirit. That was different from the pressure of someone aiming for Vincent’s life, or that of a potential political opponent.

It was the kind of thing for which Vincent had not made preparations to combat.

Vincent: [Take a look at reality. No matter how much you value the seat of Empress Consort, the most vital thing is that the Empire――]

It was at the moment he had attempted to brush her aside.

A sudden impact having struck his cheek, Vincent stared in shock that his face had been flicked. Turning around with that stare, he looked at Medium. ――Medium, who had struck the Emperor’s cheek.

Medium: [Never speak about my reason for worrying about you like that again Abel-chin.]

Vincent: [You…]

Tensing her cheeks, Medium’s declaration made Vincent unconsciously blink his eyes. And, witnessing that, Medium spoke “Ah” in surprise,

Medium: [Abel-chin closing both his eyes, this is the first time I’m seeing it~.]

As she gave a broad smile and spoke, Vincent did not utter a word.

His eyes ought to be kept open. If he closed both his eyes at the same time, the Emperor’s life would be in danger. That was an ironclad rule of Vollachia, one that Vincent abided by even in his sleep.

That, had been violated. Not to deprive him of his life, but by a woman who was worried about Vincent, flicking his cheek.

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Oioi, even tho’ this ain’t the time for that, ain’t it just a masterpiece?]

Perceiving the turmoil within Vincent, the elderly man on the verge of death loudly butted in. Regaining his ability to think and make decisions, Vincent gritted his teeth.

Even if it were true that he had been taken aback for a second, nothing about the situation had changed.

All the same, the Imperial Capital, the Empire, and the world were heading to meet their demise. That――,

Medium: [It’ll be okay, Abel-chin, it’ll be okay.]

As Vincent bit down on his molars, Medium still continued to smile at him.

It was a baseless, emotional argument that merely spoke of hope. In a place of discussion, that was something Vincent loathed from the bottom of his heart, for it harbored the least potential.

――Such loathed arguments of emotion; since he had been ousted from the throne, just how many times had he been tormented by them, and rescued by them?

???: [――How ‘bout that, Your Excellency? Ain’t my lil’ sis quite the big deal?]

It was at that instant.

The reason for Vincent’s silence, the one speaking as if it were his own personal matter, as if perceiving that he had also gone through the same thing, was…

△▼△▼△▼△

Ultimately, no matter what he did, Balleroy Temeglyph had always been half-hearted; he derided himself so.

Back when he had been alive, he had served the Empire, and then opposed the Empire.

Then after he died, he opposed the Empire yet again, and in the end――,

Balleroy: [Serving the Empire, though I ain’t really built for it.]

As Balleroy grumbled this, the hole in his chest―― having been pierced and gouged open by the Magical Bullet of the most horrible magician, was proof of the decision that had caused his defeat.

――The battle on which Balleroy’s wish had been staked, had ended with his utter defeat against the enemy who had been willing to use all means at his disposal.

The magician in question had said something along the lines of “It was a paper-thin difference, so it wouuuldn’t~ have been particularly odd for either one of us to come out victorious”, but that was nothing more than a lie designed to soothe his ears.

In all likelihood, if he were to fight against that man one-hundred times, Balleroy would lose all one-hundred times. It was that sort of affinity.

For the sake of a single objective, just how ruthless could that man become?

At the end of the day, by the point in time in which he could not carry out the things he had left undone and his lingering regrets, which had been the reason for his resurrection, Balleroy had been no match for the opponent whose blood ran colder than that of the undead.

With Medium having been cast away, there was no way he could have overlooked it, knowing that doing so would have resulted in the death of his little sister. That was Balleroy’s weakness, and the entire reason for his defeat.

Medium: [That’s wrong. It’s ‘cause Ballebro is kind.]

Balleroy had accepted that as the reason for his defeat, however, Medium would not accept that.

Evaluating his weakness and naivete as kindness, Medium’s upright personality and beaming smile had not withered in the slightest despite having grown taller; she was his prized little sister.

Indeed, she was his little sister. Balleroy was truly blessed to have met her.

Serena, Flop, Medium, Madelyn, and everyone else, he was truly blessed to have met them all.

His partner Carillon went without saying, but that also held true for the many Imperial Soldiers who had stood alongside Balleroy as he climbed the ranks as General, and it also held true for the Nine Divine Generals.

However, although he was grateful for all of those meetings, he had not relinquished it.

That was――,

Medium: [Even so, Ballebro couldn’t stop himself, right?]

Tears in her eyes, yet still smiling nonetheless, Medium’s appearance took him aback.

He had thought she had not changed at all since the time they had first met, yet she had verily grown up; having gone from girl to woman, she had become capable of smiling in this different manner.

He alone had gone without changing, merely taking steps while stuck in place.

Balleroy: […Seems like the people who get resurrected by the Witch are limited to just the people who died in the Empire. The only way to get rid of that restriction, is by destroying the Empire, and expanding the range further beyond to the Kingdom and the City-States. If we do that, then finally, by doing that, I’ll finally be able to…]

Medium: [――Meet Big Bro Miles again?]

Balleroy: [――――]

Medium: [I understand. After all, I’ve been watching Ballebro all this time.]

At Medium’s words, Balleroy keenly gained two emotions.

The first was self-scorn regarding the fact that his inner feelings had been exposed, and the other was a slight jealousy. This smile that he was seeing Medium display for the first time, he knew the meaning behind it.

Balleroy: [Medi, is there a man you’ve fallen for?]

Medium: [Huh!? N-no…? Maybe.]

Balleroy: [Close your eyes, it’s gotta be the first face that comes to mind with a smile.]

Medium: [That kinda thing can only be big bro! Besides, it’s not like Abel-chin ever smiles… Ah.]

Placing her hand over her mouth, a red hue ascended into Medium’s cheeks. Seeing such a reaction from his little sister for the first time, Balleroy chuckled. Smiling, he slowly raised himself up.

Truly, Balleroy was half-hearted to the bitter end.

If, in hating that, he started to break things down like the magician who had defeated him, then perhaps he would no longer be himself.

Balleroy: [That sorta cold-bloodedness, I think I’ll pass.]

He could never become like that. He would never become like that.

He, who had been half-hearted since the time he was alive, was half-hearted all the same even in death.

Since he was a person of hazy wishes and regrets in both life and death, he could also say this.

Balleroy: [Well then, how ‘bout we go save the man who Medi fell for?]

Medium: [I said I’m still not sure!]

Her complexion bright-red, with a face different to that of her early life and days as a young girl, her words had no persuasive power whatsoever despite asserting them in such a manner.

If someone could make Medium have such an expression, yet still end up causing her sorrow, then Balleroy would kill that person with his very hands. Belittling himself, he thought so.

Carillon: [――Kiryararahhh.]

At Balleroy’s selfish brotherly feelings, Carillon, with whom he shared in heart and soul, neighed in high spirits.

△▼△▼△▼△

――At that moment, all those present in the Imperial Capital, be they living or dead, gazed up at the sky.

For what reason that had been, none could easily explain.

If the question was regarding the reason why they had individually looked up at the sky, there were likely many who could explain themselves. Those with keen senses may have perceived a strong undulation of Mana, and those with good hearing would have heard the loud neigh of a flying dragon. Likewise were those with a focus on the origin of the Magic Crystal Cannon, having been fired a moment prior, and those moving with the Palace as their destination.

But, even if they could all provide explanations for themselves, they could not explain the reason for everybody having done so.

If it could be done, then it was only by the leading actor who decided the logic of the world within himself, and if he were to be asked, then his answer would be plain and simple――,

Cecilus: [――Of course, it’s because it’s somebody’s climax !]

He likely would have declared so in a grandiose manner, with a loud voice and a bright smile.

And, there existed not a single soul in this Vollachian Empire who would have been able to deny him.

The reason for that lay in pure strength, and, since the sole person capable of objecting to the leading actor regardless of pure strength, was currently seeing off their own reason for gazing at the sky right before their eyes.

――By leaps and bounds, leaps and bounds, a dazzlingly radiant streak of green light drew a line towards the sky directly above the Crystal Palace.

Pulling inwards, pulling inwards, before anyone could realize it, all the clouds present in the sky above the Imperial Capital had been congregated into an enormous sea of clouds, and plunging right into the midst of it――.

???: [――――]

――That instant, as if the sky itself was aglow, a flicker of light suddenly illuminated the world in dazzling scintillation.

--- Chapter 69: I Forgive You ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Translated By:

Proofread By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

As gauntlets of silver rang out, the torso and cranium of the undead standing in the way were pulverized.

Inside the body of every undead there existed a Corebug, and without piercing it, causing a fatal wound would be impossible, even if their head and heart were to be blown away. ――In that case, the best choice was to punch in a way so that the impact would spread throughout the whole body.

???: [How ‘bout this!]

Until now, he had been giving priority to swinging his fists with his entire strength and having them hit their targets, and he had not given much thought to the result that would be brought forth after they had landed. But, he revised that way of thinking.

The shockwave borne from the impact of his fist, he imagined it propagating throughout the body of his opponent. By doing so, a change could be yielded in the way his fist was unleashed, and in the result it brought about.

???: [――Hk.]

With a shivering response from its back, the body of the struck undead was smashed to dust, lagging a moment behind the area that had been directly punched. It was proof that the impact had been transmitted throughout the entire body, and that the Corebug had been killed.

As to not relinquish that after having grasped it once, he engaged the swarm of countless undead with his fists.

One, two, three; the number of the shattered undead was rapidly increasing――.

???: [Oi, brat! That’s enough, there’ll be no end to this!]

A gruff voice called out to the back of the one holding his ground as he swung his fists at the undead.

With a sword of fine craftsmanship in hand, dealing with the undead that had broken off towards himself, Heinkel persisted with earnest resistance as his face and hair were getting ragged.

At that quavering voice of complaint, Garfiel contorted the corners of his mouth into a smile.

A person who would have been better off running away if he so desired, was sincerely holding his ground here.

He had insisted that he would be safer remaining here with Garfiel rather than running away on his own, but it was difficult to believe that such a claim was still valid in a situation with this much pressure.

After all, this place was―― the grand gate that served as the entrance to the Imperial Capital, a crucial position that held the key to capturing the Imperial Capital by holding back the large army of undead attempting to march in.

Garfiel: [Ain’t gonna move one inch. If I don’t hold down this position, it’ll get in the way of Captain’s tactics.]

Hence, it was Garfiel’s duty to defend this place to the end by any means necessary.

Striking his fists together before his chest, Garfiel gave a reply brimming with motivation, to which Heinkel clicked his tongue. With a grim, unpleasant look on his face, in an angered voice he went, “But…!”,

Heinkel: [If it’s just to fulfill your duty, wouldn’t it be easier to carry out if you fell back a bit!? There’s no reason for you to hold your ground here … just leave that Dragon on its own!]

Having cut down an undead, what Heinkel pointed to with the raised tip of his sword, was the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia, which had engaged in a battle to the death against Garfiel, and was now lying on the ground.

Mezoreia was supposed to be on the side of the undead given its position, but the undead were unrelentingly directing their hostility towards the collapsed Cloud Dragon, and if neglected, the Dragon’s scales would likely be stained with blood.

Garfiel: [Can’t do that!]

Heinkel: [Why!? Isn’t it an enemy!? It’d be best to let them harm each other!]

Garfiel: [I don’t want Captain to be disappointed in me!]

At Garfiel’s childish answer, Heinkel’s expression stiffened as he found himself at a loss for words.

But those were his true feelings, without any exaggeration. Even in this battle, Subaru desired to reduce casualties, and bring them as close to zero as possible. Garfiel, too, wished to assist in that.

Besides, he had yet to exchange any meaningful words with the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia.

That was why――,

Garfiel: [My amazin’ self ain’t movin’! Bring it the fuck on, ya zombie bastards!]

Fiercely roaring in a loud voice, the sound of Garfiel’s two gauntlets striking each other rang out.

It would be best if the undead who heard that sound all gathered here, aiming for the living one brimming with vitality.

Garfiel: [Exactly, that’s fine by me. ――All of ya strong fucks, come at my amazin’ self!]

After all, by holding out as much as he could, Garfiel should have been able to make things even a little easier for the people precious to himself.

Heinkel: […There’s something wrong with you.]

Distorting his expression, Heinkel listened to Garfiel’s war cry. ――As he did so, Heinkel did not notice the slight stirring of the fallen Cloud Dragon behind him.

△▼△▼△▼△

Upon being affectionately lifted  from the bed, Madelyn became convinced that this was the end. ――Because in Balleroy’s chest as he stood, a painfully large hole had been opened up.

It was the body of an undead. Madelyn knew that a fatal wound would not simply prove fatal. However, from the fact that the wound was not repairing itself like it was immediately supposed to, she could sense Balleroy’s intentions.

Madelyn’s darling―― the person she loved, would now once and for all head to a place she would be unable to reach. Where even the child of the Dragon that commanded the clouds could not reach, towards a place even further beyond the heavens above the clouds.

Balleroy: [――I’m real sorry, Madelyn.]

As Balleroy spoke with a kind expression, Madelyn’s eyes slightly widened.

That expression of Balleroy’s, it overlapped with one he had made in his lifetime, from before he had reunited with her as an undead. Of course, his eyes were still comprised of black with an auriferous hue looming within, and his complexion was still that of a pallid undead.

Even so, for but a moment, it seemed as if the warmth of life dwelled within Balleroy’s gaze and voice.

It was just like those many times when he would come to see Madelyn at the summit of Mount Palzoa.

――The fact that she had not been the one to help him regain that warmth, vexed her from the bottom of her heart.

Madelyn: [――Hk.]

As her voice choked up due to her sense of powerlessness and worthlessness, Madelyn’s golden eyes began to fill with tears.

As Madelyn’s eyes showed fragility despite being alive, Balleroy, whose eyes housed definite strength despite being dead, while reflected in the irises that shared the same hue as his own,

Balleroy: [Until the very end of the end, I sure was quite the selfish guy. I had ended up using you, Madelyn, an awful lot with that selfishness of mine.]

Determining the things he needed to do, and deciding that they would part ways, Balleroy was currently standing by Madelyn’s side.

This, was his way of broaching that conversation. What would subsequently follow, were Balleroy’s words of apology and gratitude; Madelyn could tell.

Indeed, because she had been able to tell.

Madelyn: [Friggin’, stop…]

Balleroy: [Madelyn?]

Madelyn: [Apologizing, expressing gratitude, all those sorts of things, friggin’ stop it…!]

As the roots of her teeth trembled, and she forcibly evaporated the tears that had welled up in her eyes, Madelyn appealed so.

As half of her consciousness was still connected to the dragonhusk, Madelyn could not put strength into her limbs. But, bypassing that reason through sheer will, Madelyn gripped the arm of Balleroy, who was holding her up.

His arm, the undead arm, was gripped tightly enough to cause cracks to form and shatter.

But, what she wished to convey through that was not anger or hatred. Only, it was the thoughts Madelyn was harboring, and wished to convey.

Madelyn: [If you’re saying you’re selfish, the most selfish thing that you did, Balleroy, was to selfishly disappear all on your friggin’ own. You selfishly showed up at this dragon’s nest, selfishly became someone precious to this dragon, selfishly stopped showing up, selfishly died, and selfishly disappeared… and now, you’re friggin’ planning on selfishly disappearing again…!]

Balleroy: [――――]

Madelyn: [You’ve already been friggin’ selfish enough. So then… so then! I won’t friggin’ forgive your selfishness anymore…! Instead of Balleroy’s gratitude or farewells… friggin’ listen, to what this dragon has to say…!]

She was crushing his arm, however, Balleroy had his eyes fixed on Madelyn without saying a word.

Staring back into Balleroy’s golden eyes with those of differing radiance yet identical hue, Madelyn spoke.

That was――,

Madelyn: [――Balleroy, you friggin’ brought this dragon to the outside world.]

Balleroy: [――Hk.]

At Madelyn’s words, Balleroy’s eyes widened.

Being told something utterly unexpected, Balleroy was flummoxed. It was Madelyn’s first time seeing Balleroy make such a face. Even if he was undead, she was happy that she could still see new sides of the person she loved.

As if to sear all of that into her tenacious dragonkin body, Madelyn continued.

Madelyn: [This dragon, was brought outside. Balleroy friggin’ did that for this dragon. Balleroy brought this dragon out below the sky.]

Balleroy: [――――]

Madelyn: [This dragon, hasn’t been friggin’ used or anything like that. The reason why this dragon was able to come down from the mountain like this, and is now able to talk to Balleroy again like this… all of it, is thanks to Balleroy.]

If only she had been quicker to decide. She harbored a great many regrets of that sort.

If only they had conversed and shared in each other’s touch more. She harbored a great many lamentations of that sort.

Even so, of the things she had decided, the things they had conversed on, and the times they had touched, she wished not to relinquish even an iota.

Madelyn: [All of the things you gave me… Balleroy, you friggin’ brought this dragon to the outside world.]

She would not allow the time Balleroy had come to bid his thanks and farewell be used for such things.

She did not want to use the scarce time she had left with Balleroy to listen to and deny such inconsequential things. If the total time they had remaining was ten seconds, then in those ten seconds, Madelyn would――,

Madelyn: [I love you. Balleroy is this dragon’s everything. There’s absolutely friggin’ nothing that I love more than Balleroy. Balleroy is, this dragon’s, everything…]

Balleroy: [Madelyn…]

Madelyn: [Balleroy, Balleroy, Balleroy… Hk!]

――She would use the entirety of the remaining ten seconds to tell the person she loved that she loved him.

She wanted him to respond. She wanted him to want her. She wanted him to harbor the same amount of ardor as was dwelling within herself.

Casting away all those complicated aspects of love, Madelyn became an embodiment of feelings.

Even if people disdained Balleroy’s image, and even if Balleroy himself might desire that, Madelyn would absolutely never let that happen. She did not want to let that happen.

With her entire lifespan as a dragonkin, Madelyn would hold Balleroy Temeglyph within her heart.

Madelyn: [The lifetime of a dragonkin, is incomparably friggin’ longer than a human’s.]

Through that long, long amount of time, so long that it would seem like eternity when compared with a human’s, Madelyn would live while thinking of Balleroy, the man engraved in her soul.

That he had left such an impact behind, she would convey to Balleroy Temeglyph.

Balleroy: [――. Just what is it that ya find pleasant ‘bout me, I wonder. A guy like me, a man who’s not worth falling in love with.]

Balleroy briefly spoke in a manner deriding himself, yet Madelyn went without answering anything.

Madelyn was too busy pressing her forehead against his chest to express her feelings. The man who did not seem to understand his own charm, she would selfishly have him find the answer to that on his own.

It seemed like Madelyn’s intentions had been communicated. Balleroy took a long, deep breath.

And then――,

Balleroy: [Ya won’t be able to forget me even if I tell ya to. Yeah, I understand that exceedingly well after all. That’s why, I don’t mind if ya don’t forget me. Only――]

Madelyn: [――――]

Balleroy: [Find happiness, Madelyn. My beloved, darling dragon princess.]

For the first time in her life, Madelyn was rejected outright by the person she loved.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――How ‘bout that, Your Excellency? Ain’t my lil’ sis quite the big deal?]

Balleroy’s voice, which had failed to conceal his meritorious sentiments, drew the attention of all present at the site of the battery. ――Nay, not all of them. It was everyone except Medium.

The courage of the woman holding down Vincent’s Yang Sword-wielding hand towered above everyone else.

If one thoughtlessly attempted to grasp the Yang Sword, they would burst into flames if they lacked the qualifications. It was an entreaty that ran adjacent to death. But then again, without going that far, Vincent likely would not have understood.

While he understood that his life was the most vital thing to the Empire, this Emperor was the one who had the least understanding of the value of his life within the Empire.

Medium: [So-yah!]

Medium, who did not follow along with everybody else, drew a barbarian sword from the back of her waist, and then skillfully struck the green radiance upon the pedestal―― Moguro’s Magic Core, batting it off.

Drawing a gentle arc as it gyrated, it fell into the grip of Balleroy’s single upraised hand. Ascertaining its heat and weight, Balleroy looked at Vincent.

Vincent had lowered the tip of the Yang Sword, and was facing Balleroy intently.

Vincent: [――――]

Upon witnessing the pandemonium weaving its way through Vincent’s sable eyes in that moment, Balleroy knew that this Emperor needed Medium.

In order to narrow down his options and make the best of his decisions, he needed someone who would prop him up, smiling by his side as they looked to the future. ――Albeit Balleroy, the one who had robbed him of Chisha, bore no right to say so.

Were it Chisha Gold, it would not have been strange for him to have even predicted the feelings of guilt harbored by the undead-turned Balleroy.

Wondering if he was indeed overthinking things, Balleroy made a wry smile,

Balleroy: [Medi.]

At Balleroy’s call, Medium, having guessed his intention, trotted towards him. Into Medium’s arms, Balleroy entrusted Madelyn, whom he had been carrying in one arm this whole time.

The precious dragonkin girl, who, while in a state of half-consciousness, had only continued to convey her love towards Balleroy.

The girl, now asleep again, having worn herself out from crying, unto whom he had become an everlasting scar.

Medium: [Ballebro.]

Balleroy: [What’s up?]

Carefully receiving Madelyn’s body, Medium looked at Balleroy from a close proximity. Then, with a face Balleroy knew well, she gave a broad smile as bright as the sun.

Medium: [Do your best!]

Balleroy: [――. Yeah, I’ll give ‘em hell.]

Just who would believe that the body of an undead was brimming with vitality?

Receiving strength from that which nobody would believe, Balleroy energetically turned his back. Then, mounting his beloved dragon, which had been waiting in the depths of the smashed-open battery, he patted its wings.

That instant, the unleashed wind thrust Carillon up into the air, and it immediately began climbing to a high altitude.

Rapidly climbing by leaps and bounds, leaps and bounds, Balleroy and Carillon vigorously approached the heavens present above the clouds.

The voice of the wind disappeared; this was concentration, the sensation of flight engulfed by nothingness.

???: [Balleroy, Carillon, not just, the two of you. I, am here.]

Balleroy: [Ahh, that’s right. Now this is quite rude of me.]

Tightly holding onto the Magic Core―― onto Moguro, and receiving that protest, Balleroy wryly smiled.

Having their name enlisted among the Nine Divine Generals as the Steelman, contrary to their robotic appearance and manner of speech, Moguro was sincere, sympathetic, and dare say even amiable.

Moguro: [I, am the Meteor of the Empire. That, is my purpose of creation.]

Balleroy: [――Purpose of creation.]

The words Moguro had used to explain their reasoning, was ironically enough, the same that Sphinx would use on occasion.

In order to fulfill their respective purposes of creation, Sphinx would destroy the Empire, and Moguro would protect the Empire. And there he was, indecisively going back and forth, supporting each of them.

Moguro: [Why did you betray us, Balleroy?]

Balleroy: [Kuhah.]

At the exceedingly straightforward query, Balleroy chuckled at what could only be described as sheer Moguroness.

That question could have been referring to his betrayal from before or after his death, but perhaps Moguro likely had not made a distinction between the two within themselves. If anything, Balleroy was grateful for it to have been that way.

Both before and after his death, Balleroy’s reason for choosing to oppose the Empire had been the same.

Balleroy: [――It was for the sake of someone precious.]

Whether it was because he was approaching his imminent demise, or if it was because he thought of this robotic Meteor as a friend who was easy to get along with, Balleroy spoke thus.

This was probably the first time he had put those feelings to words, and he had not intended on ever speaking of them to anyone.

Carillon: [――Kiryararahhh.]

Perhaps because Balleroy’s shame had been transmitted, Carillon looked back at him and returned a nod as it flapped its wings through the sky. Through the special trait of flying dragon riders, only Carillon knew. ――No, it seemed like Medium had also figured it out, but he had generally been hiding it.

For that to be divulged, he thought it must have been unacceptable for Moguro, but――,

Moguro: [I see. Understood. We, are same. ――For the sake, of somebody precious.]

Balleroy: [――――]

Moguro: [Balleroy, I forgive, you.]

At the forgiveness of Moguro, who was robotic, yet still attempted to get close, Balleroy’s cheeks stiffened.

Those cheeks of Balleroy’s housed the hue of life distinct from that of the undead, and in his eyes there no longer loomed the hue of gold upon black, but rather they had regained their natural glow. ――That was the brilliant blaze, of Balleroy Temeglyph’s final moments.

Balleroy: [You’ve got my thanks, Moguro.]

As a dead individual who was now by no means inferior to a living one, Balleroy looked up to the sky as he spoke thus.

Still rapidly accelerating by leaps and bounds, Balleroy and company pierced the clouds. The maelstrom of clouds was swirling as if it had a certain will, and it began to envelop them as they raced into the sky.

That, which was not intent on crushing them, was something Balleroy had seen in the past, at the summit of Mount Palzoa. This was the Dragon’s nest, made so as to not let those within the clouds escape outwards――.

Balleroy: [――――]

Within Balleroy’s mind, many faces emerged.

Vincent, the Nine Divine Generals, Madelyn, Serena, Medium, Flop, and Miles.

They were the proof that Balleroy had lived, and they were the meaning in Balleroy having lived.

Together with his beloved dragon, Carillon, carrying them all――,

Balleroy: [――It was a life rife with its ups and downs, but I’d say it wasn’t a bad one.]

Carillon: [――Kiryararahhh.]

With even his final words unable to break away from his half-hearted nature, his slovenly self ended up receiving a scolding from his beloved dragon.

△▼△▼△▼△

That instant, dragon claws thrust into the ground, and the collapsed body raised itself. Immediately, the red-haired man to its side screamed “Uoohhh!?” as he fell onto his backside, but that did not weigh on their mind.

More so than such insignificant things, what mattered now was――.

???: [Balleroy―― Hk.]

The impact of being punched had been far too tremendous, so they were unable to stand up. But, that was no matter. What was needed now was not the strength to stand up, but the might of an empyrean being.

With a quiver of their long whiskers, funneling power into their sharp eyes, they focused their attention on the sky directly above the Crystal Palace. The scintillation ascended straight upwards, streaking a hue of emerald green across the ether. And at the summit of that beam of luminescence, only continuing to climb higher, was somebody precious.

That intent, that resolve, that determination, and that selfishness, they would forgive it all.

???: [――――PREAHHHHHH.]

The power gushing out of their humongous body obtruded upon the welkin, and a cumulus maelstrom began to coil in the sky of the Crystal Palace. Once they ushered the emerald gleam into the vortex, they drastically increased the density, and accelerated the gyre further.

Like so, the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia―― Madelyn, summoned all of her power.

Madelyn: [――Ah.]

That instant, a flicker of light illuminated the world, and the maelstrom of clouds was ripped asunder from within.

What that signified, what had been lost from the world, what had become distant from herself, she keenly understood to a painfully clear extent.

Madelyn: [Ah, ahhh, AHH, AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH――!!!]

Gazing up at the sky of scattered clouds, thinking about the one she loved, of whom there no longer remained any vestiges, Madelyn burst into a wail with the large mouth and thick neck of the Cloud Dragon.

――Underneath the odiously clear sky, the lovelorn maiden of the Dragons just kept crying.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Thank you for reading, this chapter meant a lot to me. I also made a tribute video to go along with this chapter, you can watch it here . (Be sure to turn captions on)

Love, Archbishop

--- Chapter 70: The Final Stratagem ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The blast spread out, blowing away the thick swirling clouds from within and painting the sky over the Imperial Capital a bright-red ahead of the approaching dusk.

The light from the explosion burned the eyes of those who looked up at the sky, but the damage was minimal compared to the catastrophe that could have blown away the Imperial Capital itself.

This was proof that each and every person of the Rescue the Vollachian Empire from Destruction Squad, who had gathered at the Imperial Capital, had continued to evade the traps of destruction laid out by the Great Disaster through their mutual cooperation.

This did not mean that each and every one of them had a full picture of the traps set by the Great Disaster.

Only, by maximizing the potential that each of them possessed, they were able to remove the causes of destruction within their respective reaches. The relay of fate for that purpose was now transcending the boundaries between the living and the dead, and the Imperial Capital of Lupugana’s chain of command was at the height of chaos.

Still, there was one fact that remained resolutely unmovable. Sphinx, the spearhead of the Great Disaster, was the absolute enemy of all living things in the Empire, no matter what.

Thus, the Witch’s elaborate plans of destruction were nearing their final stages――.

???: [――Uoooh!?]

Roaring, an explosion blew away the clouds in the distant sky, and blinded by the light, Subaru’s throat trembled in surprise at the abrupt shift in circumstances.

His exclamation, which could have been described neither as a scream nor a cheer, was a manifestation of his honest reaction to the event at hand.

Together with Beatrice, he had fended off the destructive flames unleashed by the Crystal Palace, and then Roswaal saved them from the onslaught of the Three-Headed Blight Dragon that had appeared. Just when it seemed that a dizzying aerial battle was about to begin, a huge explosion occurred in the sky far away.

There was enough hectic activity to confuse anyone, but the undead Dragon paid no attention to the light in the sky with each of its heads craning towards its pitiable, distracted prey.

Dragon: [――――KRUUUUUUUAGH!]

The Blight Dragon had three heads and its prey numbered exactly three people: Subaru, Beatrice, and Roswaal. The three heads of the Blight Dragon approached as if in competition with each other, with the size of a single large head appearing to be more than enough to get all of them.

Just as the sharp fangs of the undead Dragon were about to tear the lives of Subaru and his friends apart.

???: [One strike――!] ???: [I won’t let’cha take ’em.]

On either side of the Blight Dragon, two shadows rose up diagonally from below and struck a blow from each direction, slicing off two of its three heads, sending them flying.

A jet-black furred wolfman, and a thunderous blue lightning rising from the earth into the sky, the ones to do this were――,

Subaru: [Halibel-san and a huuuge Ceci!?]

Cecilus: [Hahahahaha! What an unexpected coincidence meeting you here, Boss ! I did think you might be here since it’s the final stage and all that, but your performance just now was brilliant! I can’t lose either so I quickly took to the sky, but just beating a dragon won’t be enough, will it?]

Subaru’s eyes widened as the one who had jumped and slashed his sword through the air was Cecilus―― additionally, it was the first time Subaru had seen him as an adult. His infantilization, which had only been a suspicion previously, was confirmed, and now that it was resolved before anyone else had a clue,

Subaru: [Did you meet with Olbart-san and get him to undo it?]

Cecilus: [No, no, I solved it on my own! That’s my specialty , so leaving that aside for now, this is a delightful combination. That’s Halibel-san there, right?]

Nonchalantly did Cecilus answer, then nodding his chin towards Halibel standing before himself.

After helping Subaru and Beatrice arrive in time to stop the Magic Crystal Cannon, he had immediately gone up to the sky himself and joined in to stop the Blight Dragon’s attack.

He looked at Cecilus saying, “Well…” and smiled.

Halibel: [From my point of view, I’m just complementin’ the work yer doin’.]

Cecilus: [Hoho, you did a great job filling in for me! But then only a suitable actor can do that so I think Halibel-san is on the right track. ――Whoa whoa whoa.]

At a glance, the exchange was amicable, but the scene took place in the air, in the middle of a fight to the death.

The Blight Dragon, with two heads blown off but still with one remaining in the middle, flapped its wings and quickly made distance to escape the two transcendent beings who had suddenly intervened.

It was an instinctive decision, but it was the right one. In fact, even though both Cecilus and Halibel could jump to get airborne, they were not free to fly around.

However――,

Roswaal: [――That’s something I can make up fooor~.]

With Subaru and Beatrice under Roswaal’s arms, immediately after he spoke, the debris in the air gathered instantly, and an impromptu scaffold was created there.

That scaffold provided Cecilus and Halibel with another chance to leap.

Halibel: [Even if it’s only got one head, a Dragon’s a Dragon.] Cecilus: [We don’t wanna be interrupted during the decisive moment. Let’s slay it quickly!]

How many people could so casually say such a thing to one of the most powerful creatures in the world, a Dragon, and no other than the Blight Dragon?

And yet, the two immediately proved that it was no kind of jest or boast.

――A flash of blue and black streaked across the sky, instantly catching up with the Blight Dragon that was trying to take advantage of the distance.

In a moment, the Dragon’s wings were torn to shreds as it was pierced by three separate wolfmen in mid-air, creating “death holes”. However, the warriors would not let the Dragon miserably fall to its death.

A flash of lightning, a slash from the sword that manifested dreams, split the black scales of the Blight Dragon vertically, and its life was severed in two.

It was one of the most abrupt and legendary Dragon-slaying acts in the world.

Beatrice: […Those guys are outrageous, in fact.]

Subaru had seen the same thing that Beatrice had, and agreed wholeheartedly.

Even though Subaru was aware of this as information, two of the world’s strongest individuals were unbeatable in ways that went beyond his simple imagination. In fact, with them he felt like he could not lose, just like having Reinhard on his side.

Now that Cecilus had grown up, together with Halibel, that feeling was even stronger――,

???: [――Not yet, Bro!]

A voice lunged at Subaru as his mind was relaxing, as if punching him in the side.

He looked, and standing there in the area that was originally the second bastion, a place where the ground was like boiling magma, was a man in a familiar helmet―― it was Al.

One of the people missing in the Imperial Capital, Al screamed out desperately from the ground.

And pronounced――,

Al: [The alignment of the stars hasn’t changed yet! The Witch is still up to something!!]

△▼△▼△▼△

At the rapid changes occurring in the situation, Vincent could feel his thoughts gaining heat and speed.

Albeit lionized as the Wise Emperor, Vincent did not think of himself as being particularly wise when compared to others. If there was one thing he was more conscious of than others, however, it would be none other than the difference in the depth and vastness of his thinking, as well as the time it took for him to produce an answer.

Thus, that difference in time taken would change depending on whether or not he could still function and make use of the trivial time in which everyone had their attention stolen by the radiance present overhead.

Vincent: [――――]

Its fuse set off by the Witch’s stratagem, the Magic Core of the Crystal Palace had been brought to the verge of collapse―― taking the true body of Moguro Hagane in hand, the undead Balleroy Temeglyph rose to the skies.

As a result, the induced explosion of the Crystal Palace had been avoided, and the Imperial Capital, nay, the entire Empire, had been rescued from ruination.

But then again, this was that Balleroy. What he had truly wished to protect was likely neither the Empire nor the Imperial Capital, but rather somebody to whom he was emotionally attached.

In any case, the fruits of the deceased Balleroy’s sacrifice were the safety of the Imperial Capital, and the sight of the evening sky from which the surging clouds had been scattered――,

Vincent: [But, is this truly the end?]

Right beside him, tears streamed down the cheeks of Medium, who was embracing the unconscious Madelyn. With that in his peripheral vision, Vincent cold-heartedly immersed himself in thought.

Using her position of Empress Consort as a shield, Medium had prevented Vincent from relinquishing his life. If he were a strong Emperor, if he were an Emperor who had such leeway, he surely would have displayed an empathetic demeanor, or words of consolation.

However, Vincent was neither of those. ――Ergo, he did nothing for Medium. For all the things he did not do for her, Vincent coldly worked his head.

Vincent: [Without cease, the Great Disaster has continued to take measures intent on bringing about total destruction. In addition, each stratagem is multi-layered and without openings.]

The Sacrament of the Immortal King resurrecting the dead was fueled by the power of the Stone, Muspel, and if the undead continued to be felled, the power of the Stone would be depleted, resulting in the collapse of the Empire’s vast lands.

The previous firing of the Magic Crystal Cannon, what it had been targeting was unclear from Vincent’s position. But, after it was fired, the Magic Core was filled with immense heat, and had been a bomb left behind as a parting gift to blow away the Imperial Capital.

By merely averting these threats, it would have been short-sighted to think that they had overcome the entire affair.

If there was still something, still a subsequent measure that the Great Disaster was preparing――,

Vincent: [――――]

Suddenly, a certain possibility flashed through Vincent’s mind.

Rather than deep and thoughtful foresight, it was the product of something that was already closer to a pretext or paranoia. However, now that he had thought of it, there was no choice but to verify the possibility. Vincent was aware that the things he thought of, were things that anybody else could also think of, given enough time.

If so, then this was the same.

Vincent: [Olbart Dunkelkenn! Have you searched every last corner of the Palace!?]

Olbart: [Oioi, Yer Excellency, I’ve lost both my arms y’know? Even if ya were ta make my pitiful nursed life from here on out a lil’ more fleetin’…]

Vincent: [――Within the Palace, did you gazer upon Priscilla Barielle? I shan’t ask of her survival.]

Olbart: [――――]

Vincent: [Answer! We mustn’t let time go to waste!]

Olbart: [――. You’re talkin’ ‘bout the young’un lass with red eyes in the flashy dress, right? Ain’t seen her. Tho’, I did go ‘round killin’ the troublesome caster along with the bunch who’d had their souls tampered with.]

At Vincent’s threatening demeanor, Olbart raised one of his white eyebrows and answered so.

Originally, the duty that had been entrusted to Olbart was to infiltrate the Crystal Palace and conduct a thorough search―― the general objective of that, was to destroy the technique of the Sacrament of the Immortal King.

As a result of his interference, it was difficult to say whether the opponent’s objective was fulfilled in a satisfactory manner, but――,

Olbart: [Since I came up not just empty-handed, but with no hands at all, I didn’t produce any results. Are ya dismissin’ me from my post as General?]

Vincent: [The matter of the status of your employment is postponed. But, if you were unable to find her――]

Medium: [Abel-chin?]

The monstrous old man’s face had lost its complexion, yet he still jested as if all was normal. At that exchange between Olbart and Vincent, Medium uttered a voice of inquisitiveness as she lowered her gaze from the sky.

Still influenced by the reverberations of Balleroy’s conclusion, Medium with her blue eyes posed that question, to which Vincent loathsomely tread upon the floor where debris was scattered about.

And then――,

Vincent: [――Priscilla is not being held captive within the Crystal Palace. I cannot guess the entirety of the reason behind that, but… at the very least, it is because one part of the enemy’s objective is to have her witness the Empire’s destruction.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Aldebaran had called out to Natsuki Subaru that the alignment of the stars had not changed; and, Vincent Vollachia had seen through the objective of the Witch at the center of the Great Disaster, though her intentions were not clear.

After witnessing those events that had led to this point, the imprisoned Priscilla Barielle also accurately inferred her own situation.

Priscilla: [At first, this was inexplicable. If mineself were your objective, Arakiya’s death would not have been a matter of concern, but the demise of the Empire would have been an inconvenience.]

The floating, reflective water mirrors not only showed the battle for the Imperial Capital, but also the battle for the Fortified City, along with the people falling victim to the undead in various parts of the Empire.

It indeed was a sign that the threat of the Great Disaster was spreading throughout the Empire.

She showed these events to Priscilla in order to color her heart with despair. ――The aim was easy to understand, but whether it could be done was not.

However――,

Priscilla: [The ruination of the Empire resulting from the death of the Stone would not serve your goals. And that is because ultimately, it is not your desire to take mine life here. Consequently――]

Sphinx: [Consequently?]

Priscilla: [――Mineself is not being held within the dungeons of the Crystal Palace.]

The reason why Sphinx continued to layer on measures to bring about the Empire’s downfall, was because she was convinced that all of that destruction would not reach Priscilla.

Destroying the Empire while keeping Priscilla alive. ――The method to fulfill these conditions was straightforward.

Priscilla: [――――]

Despite that being certain, and even after examining her surroundings, she found no discrepancy between the dungeon of her memories and what stood before her eyes.

During her time as Prisca, she had only visited the Palace’s dungeons on one occasion out of curiosity, but this dungeon, which exactly replicated that of Priscilla’s memories, was probably a wholly different space.

The very space of the dungeon itself has been relocated to a place unrelated to the destruction of the Vollachian Empire―― a kind of different dimension, with Priscilla placed as an observer of the battle-torn Imperial Capital.

The evidence of this was that, at some point, the tremors of the fierce battles unfolding in the Imperial Capital had ceased reaching the dungeon.

Priscilla: [But for what reason would you place mineself, of all people, in the position of an Observer? The other members of the Vollachian Imperial Family aside, you have certainly considered the means wherewith to disrespect mineself in particular.]

Sphinx: [Careless meddling is forbidden. This may be an effective measure for you. Countermeasures: Required.]

Priscilla: [Although neither “careless” nor “countermeasures” are words that mineself enjoys, it shall be overlooked in consideration of your defiant attitude.]

Priscilla pondered this in response to Sphinx’s answer.

The Witch’s intention was to nip in the bud the possibility of someone coming to Priscilla’s aid, rather than preventing Priscilla from taking any action.

That in itself was correct. ――But the fact was that she was being imprisoned in a space with no known entrance. This almost eliminated any chance of Priscilla being rescued from the outside.

However――,

Priscilla: [This inconvenience applies to you as well, does it not?]

Sphinx: [――. What does that mean?]

Priscilla: [It is quite simple. ――Why do you not duplicate yourself without limit, and with an infinite amount of you, drop numerous stars, burn the land of the Empire, and destroy it all?]

Sphinx: [――――]

Priscilla: [If you made certain that you did not involve mineself in the downfall, that would be the swiftest way to accomplish your goal. The reason for you not doing so is obvious… you cannot do so, even if you wanted to.]

Priscilla eloquently explained her theory to the silent Sphinx.

Once, as she was being burned by the flame of the Yang Sword, Sphinx had changed the form of her soul, transforming its vessel into one befitting the Witch of Greed in order to fulfill the purpose of her creation. At that point, one of Sphinx’s two purposes in causing the Great Disaster had been fulfilled.

All that remained was to destroy the Vollachian Empire in order to drive Priscilla into despair. In order to do so, creating a limitless number of Sphinxes and then having them drop a meteor shower to the ground would prove sufficient.

But, Sphinx did not do that.

Priscilla: [Although vexing, upon seeing you imitate Lamia by increasing your numbers, mineself had an intuition. No matter how much the number of vessels increases, the underlying soul is shared. ――That is to say, the source of the Mana possessed by the owner of the soul of Sphinx shall be centralized.]

That was the existential flaw of Sphinx, having been resurrected as the Witch of Greed.

By abusing the ritual of the Sacrament of the Immortal King, it allowed the undead to revive and create multiple instances of themselves, but so long as the original soul remained the same, they could not have more Mana than they already possessed.

Sphinx had already fought in many fierce battles with those who wished to take back the Imperial Capital, and had already used the great spell to bring down a star multiple times. No matter how skilled of a magician the Witch of Greed might have been, there were limits to what she could do.

Priscilla: [Therefore, you must limit the number of your duplicates. In addition, you have one of them assigned to mineself in order to communicate with me, yes? It must be because this space cannot be maintained without your direct presence.]

Ever since appearing before Priscilla, claiming to be the enemy’s leader, Sphinx had never once left Priscilla alone in the dungeon. This could have been interpreted as an attempt to avoid missing Priscilla’s facial expressions or the pain in her heart as the situation changed from moment to moment, but there also could have been a more serious reason for this.

Quite simply, the answer was that she was doing it because she had to.

Sphinx: [――――]

In response to Priscilla’s point, Sphinx remained silent.

Some did believe that if one were not to answer, they would thus give no information to another party, for better or worse; but, in Priscilla’s opinion, this was second-rate trickery. Sphinx, too, was very likely aware of that.

Sometimes, silence could confirm one’s suspicions more eloquently than words ever could.

――If Priscilla’s speculation was correct, Sphinx was in a state of exhaustion, coming near to having used up the whole of the strength of her soul.

Otherwise, restrictions being present or not, through her copies scattered throughout the Imperial Capital and the Empire she would relentlessly attack.

Strategically, there was no reason not to do that.

In other words, this meant that the plans of Sphinx, the leader of the Great Disaster, had finally been brought to a halt――.

Priscilla: [――Is that not so?]

Repudiating her own reasoning, Priscilla closed one eye.

The emotions expressed in that question might have been hard to believe if other listeners were present. Priscilla’s question did not come from a sense of superiority, or a suspicion based on skepticism, not even from a desire to see through the other party’s agenda.

What was there was a certain amount of anticipation.

Even this impasse, a true dead end, was something she expected her opponent to overcome.

Then, in response to Priscilla’s question, Sphinx’s eyes widened slightly. Watching, the Witch then twisted her lips into the shape of a smile.

――At that moment, the final showdown between Priscilla and Sphinx commenced.

△▼△▼△▼△

The Sphinxes, resurrected from the same soul, were all independent, and did not share in the same consciousness.

Hence, among the Sphinxes, serving as the Witch of Greed, who had manifested as seven total bodies, the only one who knew that Priscilla had seen through their intentions, was the one directly facing her.

However, that would not have had any influence upon the intentions of the seven Sphinxes.

That was because it was a stratagem that had been formulated under the assumption that Priscilla would have seen through their intentions from the start, correctly guessing them.

The one that had verified Priscilla’s answer was just the one facing her, but Sphinx could not help but admire her abnormal insight, having guessed almost everything correctly.

As she had stated, several Sphinxes were sharing Mana through the source of one soul, so the more of herself she multiplied, the amount of Mana that each individual Sphinx could use would decrease.

Due to this battle, which had raged on for several days with no respite, the reality was that the sum of Mana she had remaining was not reliable enough to utilize large spells such as Al Shario, which had already been employed to bring down a star.

Of course, simply making use of large spells was not how a magician displayed their talents.

For Sphinx, who had inherited knowledge as the Witch of Greed, there were a myriad of small techniques she could employ that did not balance the degree of Mana used with the scale of results.

However, it was also true that for any such small techniques, there were extraordinary, transcendent beings who could hold them back.

In particular, she could not disregard the presences of the wolfman who was bringing about the curse of death, and the swordsman who had slayed the star.

Therefore, the seven Sphinxes―― or rather, with the exclusion of the one participating in the great battle for the Fortified City of Garkla, and the one monitoring Priscilla, the five Sphinxes reached for the final stratagem.

Her attempt to directly assassinate Arakiya, who had assimilated with the Stone, had failed.

The utmost powerful attack to exterminate Arakiya, fired via the Magic Crystal Cannon, had also failed.

The strategy of lighting the fuse of the Magic Core right after the Magic Crystal Cannon had fired, having it run rampant and exceed its critical point to annihilate the Imperial Capital, had also failed.

With all of those failed stratagems as the groundwork, the Sphinxes stationed in five locations around the Imperial Capital of Lupugana would activate the magic circle they had laid out―― they would interfere with their true target, the magic crystals of the Crystal Palace.

Sphinx: [――Multiplex magic circle activation, executing final stratagem. Importance: Required.]

This plan was fundamentally different from the stratagem that had attempted to blow away the Imperial Capital by using the magic crystals of the Crystal Palace as a catalyst via the Magic Core running rampant. Regardless of being in a rampant state, the administrative right of the Meteor known as the Crystal Palace belonged to the Magic Core, Moguro Hagane.

But, the Magic Core was no more. Having escaped the threat of explosion, the Crystal Palace was currently in a defenseless state.

With Moguro Hagane’s presence now gone, the administrative right of the magic crystals forming the Crystal Palace was vacant.

Present there were lumps of colorless Mana, which had stockpiled immense power over many long years, and for the Witch, who was on the verge of depleting the little Mana she had left, it was an offering for which she would water at the mouth.

Having laid out a five-pointed star inverse to the five bastions of the star-shaped ramparts that symbolized the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, the five Sphinxes had deployed an enormous magic circle.

Interfering with the magic crystals of the Crystal Palace, the latter of which had lost its administrator in Moguro Hagane, it was something designed to completely usurp the vast Mana dwelling therein.

Thus, the Witch’s plan, something not directly linked to the destruction of the Vollachian Empire, would not be thwarted by Natsuki Subaru or Vincent Vollachia, who had both come to disrupt many of her artifices until now.

The same went for the Blue Lightning, Cecilus Segmunt, as well as the Admirer, Halibel, as well as the Spirit Eater, Arakiya and the Vicious Old Man, Olbart Dunkelkennn, as well as the Flamboyant, Yorna Mishigure, and the Emperor of the Briar, Eugard Vollachia, as well as Roswaal L. Mathers, and Beatrice, and Garfiel Tinzel, and Medium O’Connell, and Tanza, and Heinkel.

Only, one person――,

Sphinx: [――. The magic circle, is incomplete?]

The five Sphinxes, who ought to have activated the magic circle―― the one of them present at the northmost point had failed to participate in the activation of the magic circle, causing the other Witches to harbor a sense of unease at the incomplete activation of the technique.

As irony would have it, the fact that this had been caused by the Witch of Greed and the Witch of Envy―― that it was caused by the clash of two individuals who succeeded these Witches of times past, went unnoticed by anybody at the current point in time.

--- Chapter 71: Heroic Reveries ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――Let us assert one thing here.

It was a fact that without Emilia’s decisive action, the plan of the Witch, Sphinx, would have come to fruition and the downfall of the Vollachian Empire would have been unavoidable.

Moreover, it was something that no one other than Emilia could have stopped.

Emilia: [――Yah!]

Releasing a sharp exhale, straining her cheeks, Emilia stood firm against the heat rays of light and the balls of light that came in from all directions, repelling all with her polished ice armaments.

The magic of the replica of Echidna before her, Sphinx, was all too astonishing, and the only way she withstood her difficult-to-deflect attacks was by blocking them with ice that shined like a mirror.

Emilia would often be told by Subaru that “Creativity is important!” as well, so she was always particular about the details in her ice-borne weapons, and this time, they were used to their fullest extent.

Thanks to the fact that she always did this, she was able to quickly create weapons that dealt with Sphinx’s magic.

Emilia: [Thank you, as always.]

Enthusiastically donning gear fashioned from ice, Emilia thanked the absent Subaru.

Subaru, who was probably still working hard somewhere in the Imperial Capital, hand-in-hand with Beatrice and Spica, was still helping Emilia in this way, even though he was small and not with her.

Just thinking about Subaru allowed Emilia to forget her fatigue and swing her big ice hammer.

Sphinx: [――Removal: Required. And, urgently.]

Facing Emilia, Sphinx kept her distance while unleashing her magic. And as she was exposed to said onslaught, Emilia did not feel the impatience of her opponent, the latter devoid of any visible expression.

Originally, Sphinx had sneaked into this deserted place to accomplish something. Emilia had somehow sensed this and rushed in, which was when the battle began.

That had halted Sphinx from accomplishing whatever she had been planning to.

With this in mind, Emilia, though it not being her forte, was focusing intensely on thoroughly obstructing her opponent.

――Here again, Emilia was making the best of a situation that no one else at the Imperial Capital could.

Had Emilia taken Sphinx’s life, the Witch would have taken that memory back to her soul, recognized the threat Emilia posed, and manifested a new body prepared with countermeasures.

However, Emilia had no intention of killing Sphinx, but only of stopping her.

Therefore, the situation Subaru had named Escape by Death did not occur, and Sphinx would not send a new version of herself as reinforcements against the unshared threat of Emilia.

This situation would not have been possible if anyone else had been present, whether it be someone powerful like Cecilus or Halibel, someone wise like Vincent or Roswaal, or even a cheater like Subaru or Al.

No one other than Emilia could have pinned down Sphinx here.

Emilia: [HIYAAA!]

Emilia, who had managed such miraculous meshing by relying on her intuition, nevertheless kicked the light ball away with her ice shoes without being aware of it――,

Emilia: [Even though I don’t know what’s going on, I won’t let you do whatever you’re trying to do! And also, tell me where Priscilla is! It’s a promise I made with Schult-kun!]

Sphinx: [――. One-sided, and greedy. Truly befitting a Witch, are you not?]

Sphinx coldly muttered so at Emilia’s request.

However, the mutterings were filled with a certain irritation that could not be concealed.

△▼△▼△▼△

――White light enveloped his vision, and in the subsequent instant the world met its end.

That was something Natsuki Subaru had ended up experiencing many times over in a short period, the newest stage of Return by Death.

Subaru: [――――]

Held in under the aviating Roswaal’s arm, he was tightly holding on to the hand of Beatrice behind Roswaal’s waist, who was being held under the other arm.

The presence of Beatrice, the warmth of Roswaal, the sensation of his whole body basking in the wind; all of it was real.

And not only that――,

???: [Regarding the dragon subjugation just now, I think vying for an achievement through the number of heads isn’t really all too pretty. As a matter of fact, isn’t it thunderous applause that’s wanted rather than a feat of heads? So then first things first, how about we show them a combination of two great men from Vollachia and Kararagi!?]

???: [That’d be quite splendid, least for me. I may’ve been hopin’ not ta stand out too much, but it wouldn’t hurt ta elevate my status for this ‘n that after the war.]

With a backwards glance towards the undead Blight Dragon fading into the sky, its existence severed, Cecilus and Halibel could be seen and heard descending to the ground while pressingly exchanging words, having just killed the Dragon in a literal flash.

As the unmistakable apexes of the world, the two were equally transcendent beings; however, the fact that they could not defy the laws of physics and remain in the sky provided a certain sort of satisfaction――,

Subaru: [――Right now…]

Just what exactly is happening , he had no choice but to grasp the new threat, and counter it.

After defending against the Magic Crystal Cannon, after slaying the approaching Blight Dragon, after witnessing the swell of green light blow the clouds away beyond the sky, he knew the Witch still had a trick up her sleeve.

Subaru and the others did not have much time before that would be put into operation, staining the world white and causing them to lose their lives.

Think, think, think. Think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think think――.

Beatrice: [――Subaru.]

Indeed, upon Subaru’s eardrums as thoughts raced across his mind, Beatrice called out with a voice of strong conviction.

Holding her hand, the determination that he absolutely needed to do something, and the intense feelings of loss surging through Subaru’s body and mind―― nay, through his soul, must have been transmitted to her.

The fact that Beatrice did not exhaust many words on top of that, was proof of her cute self’s high-minded resolve.

Beatrice: [Say whatever you like, I suppose. Betty will aid you in everything, in fact.]

Without having told her much of anything at all, just how much of a relief it was for Beatrice to say that to him.

While feeling disdain build up towards himself for never repaying favors, Subaru nodded.

And as he nodded――,

Subaru: [――Just keep holding on to it until my consciousness is on the verge of bursting apart. I’ll give a signal, so prepare the thing from earlier so it’s ready to go at any time!]

△▼△▼△▼△

――High up in the sky, Subaru raised his voice, and receiving that, black and blue streaked through the sky.

He did not hear the specific contents of the orders. But, he felt like he heard something else instead.

Indeed, the sound of the gears of conflicting worlds beginning to mesh and turn, in order to weave the time of light.

???: [――――]

It mattered not if it was an auditory hallucination. In fact, it ought to have been.

Natsuki Subaru had thought about the best way to break the deadlock, and carried it out. In that case, he could count on him. ――No, he had no choice but to count on him.

Having called out to Subaru that the Witch’s myriad plans had yet to be exhausted, that was the best Al―― Aldebaran could do with what little he had.

Al: [Shit.]

A short expletive, which echoed in his helmet only to his ears.

Because of that, the fact that he had muttered it unconsciously sort of felt like it was being emphasized, which had caused him to notice.

Just what did Aldebaran possibly have to regret?

It was something he knew from the moment he found Natsuki Subaru in this Empire. When push came to shove, he ought to use Natsuki Subaru without hesitation.

No matter how much he hated that, no matter how much he loathed it, at the end of the day, it was nothing but worthless obstinacy.

――The worthless obstinacy of himself, who was nothing more than a following star, unable to do the same things as that Natsuki Subaru.

???: […Reconsideration: Required.]

At the sudden utterance of that voice, Aldebaran turned around without saying a word.

Cocooned in solid black light from the neck down, lying defenseless on the rough ground was the figure of Sphinx.

Sphinx’s Gate had been completely sealed; she was quite literally helpless, however, she stared at Aldebaran without any impatience or anger emerging on her abhorrent face.

It was a disgusting look, as if she was observing him.

Al: [Reconsideration, as in revising your thoughts? Just what exactly? You’re not gonna tell me what you’re thinking, no matter what I do.]

The edges of her mouth contorted, and Aldebaran glared at Sphinx through his helmet.

This was also true. ――Aldebaran had already interrogated the captured Sphinx many, many times, and thus had ascertained that she would not divulge any details regarding her plans.

Ironically enough, even among the innumerable number of attempts Aldebaran had, there existed a certain number of results that could never be distorted.

Even if an infinite number of dice were rolled, rolling a zero or a seven was impossible.

Indeed, it was impossible. ――For Aldebaran.

Al: [But you see, it’s the end of the line for you guys. You’ve made an enemy of someone who should absolutely never be made an enemy of. By now, even if you’re rethinking something――]

Sphinx: [That which I have reconsidered, is my evaluation of you.]

Al: [Huh?]

Sphinx: [I had not recognized you as anything but a mere squire of Priscilla Barielle, but… you are the same as me.]

Al: [――――]

Sphinx: [Having yet to fulfill your own purpose of creation, you are a martyr struggling to live for that reason. ――I have achieved my own purpose of creation, so I cannot help but pity one who is stuck in a standstill.]

Even in captivity, in a position in which her magic as a mage had been sealed, Sphinx still quietly pitied Aldebaran, not out of vanity or defeat.

Aldebaran’s throat froze at Sphinx’s honest gaze.

Of the fact that the true nature of the coldness freezing his throat was murderous intent, Aldebaran was aware.

He absolutely had to kill this overly talkative, Witch-faced woman. He absolutely had to choke the life out of her. For her to say that to Aldebaran with none other but that face, was unforgivable.

――Just who in the world did she think made him Aldebaran?

Al: [You――]

???: [Al! Lend me your strength!!]

It happened the moment his vision turned bright-red, his thoughts were blanketed in white.

Had it occurred a few tenths of a second later, Aldebaran would have killed Sphinx. However, that was stopped by a furious, gliding wind accompanied by a hard-hitting voice.

???: [I need your strength! As you said, the Great Disaster isn’t over yet! It’s an all-out war!]

He landed right next to him, and then with an intense color on his face, he called out to Aldebaran.

With two reliable people beside him, a long-haired magician and a dress-clad Spirit, Natsuki Subaru, capable of searching for as many hands as he pleased in order to reach the light that Aldebaran could never reach no matter how far he reached out, did so.

Al: [Even if you ask me to lend a hand…]

Subaru: [Shut the hell up!]

Al: [――Hk.]

Becoming a mixture of all sorts of embarrassment, Aldebaran muttered so.

But, unconcerned with those inner thoughts of Aldebaran, Subaru thrust his fist out,

Subaru: [At the moment, I don’t have time to sympathize with each and every person’s troubles! That’s why, right here and now let’s switch gears and cooperate! You said it before!]

Al: [Me, before…?]

Subaru: [You said that you have expectations of me! I’ll say the same thing back to you!]

Al: [――Ah.]

As Subaru yelled at him with a red face, Aldebaran caught his breath.

At the same time, he was reminded of his interaction with Subaru at the time they had been reunited here in the Vollachian Empire, when the latter was on the verge of losing his own meaning of existence in the Fortress City of Guaral.

When Subaru’s foundation became unsteady after being rejected by the girl known as Rem, Aldebaran had encouraged him.

Back then, what was it that Aldebaran had said to him――?

Subaru: [The confidence and everything else you lost can only be regained through results. It’s all the same as it’s always been!]

Al: [――――]

At the sound of Subaru’s voice, the girl who held hands with him, and the long-haired person who stood behind him, had eyes brimming with expectation.

And so, Subaru, who gave strength to those around him, reached out to Aldebaran in the same way, offered him a hand, and spoke as if repaying him for that time.

Subaru: [Come on, Al! ――Carry them with me, these heroic reveries!] So he declared.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Witch’s plans, the ruination of the Vollachian Empire, and Death, had come to fruition time and time again.

Perhaps a painless death was the ideal way for things to end.

Perhaps the arrival of demise in the midst of not knowing what had happened, was the only gentle way to save people from their fear of an end that would inevitably come.

However, he thought thus.

???: [No, my ideal ending would be to die peacefully, with Emilia, Beako, and my grandchildren by my side, so that’s not it.]

Even if the Great Disaster were a last-boss situation that brought about a painless and fearless end in order to save all human beings from sorrow and suffering, Subaru would resolutely reject it.

When the ideal ending that he envisioned would arrive, the thought of Emilia and Beatrice, whom he would be leaving behind, brought pain to his heart like being stabbed with glass. Still, until he reached that situation, it was a problem that Subaru would need to suffer through and find a solution to.

There was absolutely no way he could abandon himself to a sweet dream given to him by another.

The whole thing was hypothetical to begin with, and the premise was not valid since the goal of the Great Disaster was not a gentle end, but rather the destruction of the Empire through a series of the most terrible measures imaginable.

That was why there was no compromise in this battle other than to thwart the goals of the Great Disaster.

Subaru: […Little-by-little, I’m starting to see it.]

At first, the world was stained white, and Subaru had no choice but to be swallowed up by the Death that was thrust upon him, without knowing what had destroyed him or his companions.

Moreover, Subaru had returned just after Roswaal held him and Beatrice on both sides, and Cecilus and Halibel had cut down the attacking Blight Dragon.

After that, in less than a minute, the end would come.

Subaru: [――――]

The time frame was short, and much needed to be done.

If Al had not told him that the Witch was up to something, it would have taken him much longer to uncover it. It had probably saved him five or more Return by Deaths.

Still, more trial and error was necessary in order to ascertain what was occurring.

And, through that trial and error――,

???: [The most likely thing is that, the Stone… Muspel will be killed, I suppose. If our opponent has a comeback left to make, then that would be the most likely possibility, in fact.]

???: [The collapse of the Empire’s vast lands, it’s possible that our opponent is preparing a trigger to bring about that great caaataclysm~. ――If it is Sphinx’s conventional method, there could also be some kind of magic circle.]

???: [For now, Groovy’s gone ‘n lifted the Curse of Thorns, which was our biggest obstacle, so ya wouldn’t really think that there’d be anybody hidin’ away a curse that’s even greater than that, right?]

???: [Yesyesyes! According to Al-san if Anya dies the whole Empire will be destroyed so this may have something to do with that! That means that there’s a possibility that a large army’ll be sent to kill Anya! Will I finally get to do it again, slaying a thousand people!?]

???: [Uu~! Uau! Aa~, Uu!]

???: [Have you been safe, child…!? I heard that you took very good care of Tanza. If there is anything at all that I can do to help, please let me know.]

???: [Schwartz-sama, I have a bad feeling… is everyone in the Battalion safe?]

???: [Though young, thou hast pleasant eyes. Mine Star seems to place trust in thee, albeit not as much as she places in mineself. If thou requireth anything, thou may speak.]

???: [Captain! My amazin’ self’s glad you’re here, but it’s too soon to gimme praise! It ain’t over yet, right? Anythin’ ya say, I’ll do it!]

???: […Get lost. Don’t lump me in with you guys, brat.]

???: [Friggin’ disappear… this dragon, has nothing, nothing left…]

???: [Friggin’ disappear… this dragon, has nothing, nothing left…]

???: [Subaru-chin, I’m not good at thinking, but I’ll try! Do your best as well, Subaru-chin!]

???: [Oh, sorry ‘bout this, but I’ve lost both my hands, so you’re gonna hafta get back on yer own, okay? Looks like there’s no way I can knead yer soul back ta its original shape, kakakakka!]

He was not some superman who could solve everything by figuring it out on his own.

A timeframe that amounted to not even a minute, repeating it over and over again in exchange for his Death, Subaru certainly moved to checkmate his enemy on the board they had constructed, one move at a time.

The death of the Stone, Muspel; a magic circle; the Curse of Thorns; Arakiya’s life; Spica’s Star Eating; he was glad that Yorna was safe; the war situation at the Fortified City; the undead Emperor who energetically boasted of his love; his Garfiel was the best; the drunkard not worth talking about; the Dragon he could not talk to; the dragonkin he could not talk to; doing his best; not wanting to be told things that would hamper his willpower to do his best; etc, etc.――.

???: [――Fool. Do not face downwards, Natsuki Subaru.] ???: [Neither one of us has the time to be looking downwards. To struggle onward, you ought to have decided so.] ???: [I have no intention of giving up. ――Just who do you take me for?]

How much self-respect was truly there behind those prideful words?

He would not be so tactless as to try to peek behind the curtain like that. Alright then. Onward it is.

Giving up, such a thing was not an option for Natsuki Subaru.

Subaru: [――――]

The same went for her, who he could not find no matter how hard he looked.

Rather than being worried about it, his feelings of faith now surpassed his fear. ――She might have been facing danger, but surely she was doing her best to secure the future, as it would not suit her to stay quiet in a safe place.

That was why, it was time to overturn it. ――Time to overturn the Witch’s board.

Subaru: [Come on, Al! ――Carry them with me, these heroic reveries!]

△▼△▼△▼△

An unthinkable absurdity was attempting to overturn the final stratagem of the Witch, Sphinx.

Sphinx: [――The preparations ought to have been…]

Flawless. Without exception, all were being overturned.

Having achieved the outcome she had desired, the supreme challenge of fulfilling her purpose of creation, the certain sense of accomplishment that had dominated her heart was for but a moment, and the situation was being distorted bit by bit.

Just what stood in the way of Sphinx, in the way of the Great Disaster?

???: [――Vincent Vollachia.]

Sphinx: [――――]

???: [――Aldebaran.]

Sphinx: [――――]

???: [――Natsuki Subaru.]

As if to close the distance towards Sphinx’s mind, crimson lips spoke those names.

Chosen as the Great Disaster, Sphinx had commenced a battle on which the survival of the Empire was staked, and hot on her heels, overturning her plans entirely, was a deterring force attempting to rectify the alignment of the stars.

Sphinx: [From your perspective, how would you evaluate them?]

At Sphinx’s question, the woman looked towards her with a metallic clank of her chains.

The crimson eyes fixed upon Sphinx beyond the water mirror, Priscilla Barielle smiled at the question. Neither ridicule nor pity, it was a smile.

If anybody who knew Priscilla were to have seen that, they would have likely been surprised. For within her smile, affection could be found.

The affection harbored by Priscilla Barielle, towards Sphinx.

Sphinx: [For what reason…]

Priscilla: [Do I make such an expression, you ask? Did you not just enquire regarding mine evaluations of those men? Just as one would expect from the Witch of Greed, your avarice extends to even answers.]

Sphinx: [If you are going to mock me…]

Priscilla: [You ought to be aware. Such is not the case.]

Bluntly told so, Sphinx was silenced by Priscilla’s gaze.

In her eyes and in her words, there was no longer any hue of mockery towards Sphinx. Then, just what was it that dwelt within those crimson eyes?

That was eating away at Sphinx from inside her chest. It was a sensation unknown to her.

This was different from the times when she was continuously spurred on by a sense of duty, that she must fulfill her purpose of creation.

For Sphinx, it was an unbearable, inescapable impulse.

Priscilla: [Remember this. That is what is known as yearning.]

Sphinx: [Yearn… ing…]

Priscilla: [If you wish to procure something that lies beyond your own domain, you must endeavor for it, even if you must withstand the torment of being scorched by flame. There are some who do not desire that, but such a way of life is foolish.]

Sphinx: [――――]

Priscilla: [When scorched in flames, listen carefully to the pleas of your soul. In life, one must yearn. In love, one must drown. ――It is for mine convenience, that this world is made.]

At that declaration, Sphinx truly experienced a sensation akin to being struck by lightning.

An absolute and unshakeable self, and an unwaning confidence; feeling the inescapable heat of that flame, Sphinx truly felt alive for the first time after having died.

At the same time, she yearned. ――She yearned to emerge victorious against the flame-like woman before herself.

Ergo――,

Sphinx: [Countermeasures: Required―― No, let us see if you can prevent this.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Within the Imperial Capital, enclosed by star-shaped ramparts made up of five bastions, exactly inverse to those five bastions, a magic circle had been laid out in the form of a five-pointed star―― the Sphinxes whose duty it was to activate it, while suspicious of the imperfect activation of the technique, were receiving its effects nevertheless.

The effect of the magic circle, its target was the magic crystals of the defenseless Crystal Palace.

Deconstructing the enormous mass of colorless Mana, the Witch, Sphinx, had plotted to take it into her own Mana-drained soul, thereby gaining immense power.

Now that she had succeeded in reproducing the soul of the Witch of Greed, Sphinx wielded the same power as her creator, who possessed knowledge of all kinds of magic. If only she could just secure the Mana for that purpose.

For that purpose――,

Sphinx: [The completion of the magic circle――]

???: [Unfortunately His Excellency and Boss have ordered me to come and prevent that.]

That instant, the surging glint of a sword forbade her from even responding, and lopped Sphinx’s head clean off.

Her white hair trimmed into a bob cut, Sphinx saw the figure of the young man who had killed her within her field of vision as it spun through the air.

It was an exceedingly beautiful brandish; however, it was still lacking. This was not the end.

Even if it was an incomplete magic circle, it had given her soul some respite.

What remained――,

Young Man: [――Ahh I see now. You’re also drowning, aren’t you?]

As a result of the choice Sphinx had made directly after, Cecilus Segmunt smiled as he gripped his katana .

Within Cecilus’s vision, as to not allow him to prevent the complete activation of the magic circle, reconstructed from the soul that had received the taste of his slash, several Sphinxes stood in his way.

Tilting her head, one of the Sphinxes obstructing him said,

Sphinx: [There is no water source here. What do you mean by drowning? Explanation: Required.]

Cecilus: [There isn’t any need for a real river or pond or lake or even a puddle. The thing known as the “ ocyan ” exists in the hearts of all. Those who deeply desire something, every one of us, everyone’s drowning.]

At his way of putting it, Sphinx had still not straightened her head.

But, without letting that bother him, Cecilus placed his hand on the hilt of his sheathed katana to ready himself, and gave his introduction.

Cecilus: [――Swordsman, Cecilus Segmunt.]

Sphinx: [――Witch of Greed, Sphinx.]

Before she could even realize, that had naturally spilled out of the Sphinxes’ mouths.

△▼△▼△▼△

At the same time that the Blue Lightning and the Witch’s techniques caused tremors throughout the Imperial Capital, similar fierce battles to prevent the activation of the magic circle broke out in three other locations.

???: [――Admirer, Halibel.] ???: [――Witch of Greed, Sphinx.]

???: [――Sixty-First Emperor of Vollachia, Eugard Vollachia.] ???: [――Witch of Greed, Sphinx.]

???: [―― Gorgeous Tiger , Garfiel Tinzel.] ???: [――Witch of Greed, Sphinx.]

The elite forces, selected by Natsuki Subaru, faced the Witch as a spear to destroy the final stratagem of the Great Disaster, and were subjected to a fierce magical onslaught.

Once the magic crystals of the Crystal Palace, which were being deconstructed, completely flowed into the Witch’s soul, it would no longer be possible to thwart her plans.

The reason being, her possible measures would extend into infinity.

Depending on the user’s imagination and practical utility, magic could extend one’s possibilities infinitely.

In other words, by acquiring an extreme amount of Mana, the Witch, Sphinx, would gain the power of a transcendent being that could make almost anything possible.

It would give her the key to overcome all obstacles, and to fulfill her desires.

However, the truly terrifying thing about Sphinx, was not her vision of attaining such mighty power.

What was truly frightening, was the meticulousness with which she was not focused on one single objective.

Subaru: [Beako! Roswaal!]

Beatrice: [Minya!]

Roswaal: [Ul Goa.]

A storm of purple arrows and flaming projectiles spread out around them with no escape, blowing away the undead who dared to advance.

However, even after the vanguard troops were repelled, the undead who still continued to march in had come here with their sense of self completely destroyed, assailing as puppets that were following orders. ――In order to kill Arakiya.

Stopping not only the magic circle, but also them was necessary for Subaru and his team’s victory conditions.

Subaru: [Al!]

Al: [Gotcha!]

Breaking through the encirclement, Al pounced on the undead aiming for the girl’s life, thrusting the earthen dao, causing it to expand inside his opponent, and explode from within.

He had not seen Al fight since Chaosflame, but even looking at him again, he was too risky and harrowing. He was not a skilled combatant by any stretch of the imagination.

Still, it was an all-out effort, with everyone taking on the challenge together, as best as they could.

Subaru: [――One minute has passed.]

Having overcome the line that had been fatal until now, Subaru realized that the situation had progressed.

Sphinx, the commander of the Great Disaster―― to be honest, it was quite a shock for Subaru to see her look so much like Echidna, but it was Beatrice who had kept his turmoil at bay.

Beatrice had remained calm and composed, even upon laying eyes on the Witch who had become an exact duplicate of her parent, Echidna.

Beatrice: [Subaru, that’s not the same person as Mother, in fact.]

Roswaal: [Yes, that’s right. Even if she resembles the Witch of Greed, Echidna, they aren’t alike in the slightest. ――Though, she is an exceedingly unpleasant oppooonent~.]

For some reason, Roswaal’s words, which were just as convincing as Beatrice’s, spurred Subaru forth, and he shifted his attention away from the uncanny appearance of the Witch, and focused instead on discovering her intentions.

First of all, the fact that the Witch, who was supposed to have been burned by Abel’s Yang Sword, had changed her form and survived was in itself the ultimate counter to the Yang Sword and Star Eating.

That strategy also needed to be taken into consideration.

However, right now――,

Subaru: [If we can completely obstruct the activation of the magic circle――]

And at the exact moment he thought that.

A massive water mirror was deployed in the sky of the Imperial Capital, an image projected onto the screen―― the Fortified City of Garkla, driven into a moment of desperation, was about to be obliterated by a falling star.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Abel-chin!!]

Wearing an expression of altered complexion, Medium called out to Vincent with an urgent voice. Embracing Madelyn in one arm, she pointed to the sky with a barbarian sword in the other.

There was a huge distortion of light that seemed to cover the sky of the Imperial Capital, and Vincent immediately understood that it was a thinly-spread mass of water. For a moment, he was wary that it was the next attack prepared by the Witch, but he became convinced when the water’s rippling surface reflected a scene from somewhere else immediately afterward.

As expected, that was an attack of the Witch.

However, it was not a straightforward attack that caused significant injury to the human body, but rather an attack that penetrated the spirit by confronting it with an inescapable reality, in a form such that none could take their eyes off of it.

――Reflected in the water mirror of the sky, was the Fortified City, surrounded by the great army of the undead.

Having attracted the hosts of undead, the fortress of the Sword Wolves was where a battle on which the survival of the Empire was staked was unfolding, much like the one Vincent and the others were engaged in. And from its skies, it was clear that the radiance of a star was raining down.

This, was the beautiful divine judgment of destruction that had also attempted to bring ruin upon the Imperial Capital.

If that was to fall upon the Fortified City, the walls, the fortress would crumble, and most of those encamped within would die. That would mean the destruction of the Empire, which would not be able to be rebuilt even if the operation in the Imperial Capital succeeded.

Starlight over the Imperial Capital, the fire of obliteration, the overload of the Magic Core, and the magic circle targeting the Crystal Palace.

The Witch’s successive artifices were to destroy not only the Imperial Capital, but also the entire Empire.

The wise man was the one who would strike the true fatal blow, never letting it be perceived.

That was why――,

Vincent: [――Our greatest fear has been borne out, Natsuki Subaru.]

Indeed, it happened right after Vincent spoke.

――Fire of obliteration smashed through the water mirror of the ether as it opened a hole in the sky, perforating directly towards the north of the Imperial Capital.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The authentic trump card of Natsuki Subaru and Beatrice.

The Magic Crystal Cannon’s fire of obliteration, sent into another space by Al Shamak, was returned to this space by a subsequent Al Shamak, shooting down the starlight that was supposed to mark the demise of the Fortified City.

With the assistance of Cecilus and Halibel, that trump card had remained unutilized for the purpose of slaying the Blight Dragon, and instead, it was employed to defeat the final measure prepared by the Witch to perturb them.

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Subaru felt dizzy from the intense feeling of exhaustion, and his nose began to bleed as he was bathed in a multitude of water drops from the shattered water mirror, which rained upon the Imperial Capital like a passing drizzle.

It was the backlash from Beatrice’s endless display of seriousness over the past few hours.

Beatrice’s adorableness might have been priceless, but there was a heavy cost to pay for her abilities. There was a limit as to how much of that burden could be shared with the Pleiades Battalion.

Subaru involuntarily dropped to one knee as his limits emerged before him.

Beatrice: [Subaru!]

He was supported by the shouting Beatrice; however, he could not speak, even though he wanted to reassure her.

Beatrice tried to stop the unending, dripping nosebleed with the sleeve of her dress. He did not want her beautiful outfit to become stained, but he could not lift his arms.

Subaru: [Not yet, not yet…]

He could not afford to come to a standstill here.

There was still a duty he had to fulfill, a plot that still needed to be thwarted.

This was an all-out war, and it was none other than Subaru who had made that decision.

For Subaru to be the first to run out of steam, there was no way such a ridiculous story could exist.

That was why――,

Subaru: [――Huh?]

Beatrice: [Subaru? You shouldn’t force yourself, in fact. Even if just for a moment, rest――]

Beatrice hurriedly tried to admonish Subaru, who had suddenly let out a breath. But, Beatrice’s words stopped mid-sentence. ――Because, Subaru stood up suddenly, on the spot.

Beatrice: [――――]

Beatrice’s round eyes widened, and she looked at Subaru as he stood up. As she met his gaze, Subaru looked down at his hands, bewildered.

The sense of lethargy that had gripped Subaru’s entire body until just before had disappeared without a trace. ――No, it was not that the feeling of exhaustion had vanished. Rather, it was the opposite.

Subaru: [Strength… is surging up within me?]

Dumbfounded, just as Subaru said this, his whole body was filled with energy.

It was a similar feeling to that of being united with the other members of the Pleiades Battalion, having even the strength of one’s body and mind intensely heightened―― a feeling of omnipotence, of being enveloped by a great flame.

And then, for what reason this had occurred, was something Subaru immediately understood.

――The shattered water mirror in the sky, and the fire of obliteration that pierced the radiance of the distant star, drew a band of light. In the sky of the Imperial Capital where those two had reigned supreme, a new light was birthed.

It was tiny in comparison to the light of the star, even in comparison to the fire of obliteration it was small, but in terms of its brilliance, not only was it equal to them, it overwhelmed them with its blaze.

Falling from the heavenly skies, adorned in a dress the color of blood, was a woman akin to flame――.

???: [――It is a great service.]

Even as the water mirror had tried to project despair, everyone had looked up to the sky. However, through an even higher intensity than that, it attracted the eyes of all present in the Imperial Capital to the sky, and set their souls ablaze.

She was descending. A female Sword Wolf, with fluttering orange hair, and blazing crimson eyes――.

???: [No superfluous words are necessary. ――You may call upon mine name.]

Holding the treasured sword of crimson in her hand, the princess, as if the sun itself, descended upon the city in its plight―― as one of those who gazed upward towards her, Subaru unconsciously abided by her wishes.

That was to say――,

Subaru: [――Priscilla.]

Indeed, he invoked her name as she descended.

――With a flame ablaze in his right eye, as one of the people receiving the blessing of the sun, he called out her name.

--- Chapter 72: The Sun Princess ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [――I have use for you. You shall serve me well, in order to grant my wish.]

Those were the first words the man spoke to them, and they symbolized the relationship between him and them, which, until the very end, had not changed even once.

They had spent decades together with the man.

During that time, they were never given freedom, amounting to being shackled and confined in a basement.

Although they had a caretaker to keep them from dying, the cautious man would silence them and replace them periodically, so the man was the only one whom they could say they had any contact with over the decades.

――Leip Barielle.

A nobleman of the Dragon Kingdom of Lugunica, a man dominated by what was, to put it simply, a foul ambition.

During the Demi-Human War, House Barielle had been commissioned as viscounts, but were demoted to barons, forfeiting their titles, upon being forced to take responsibility for their defeat during the civil war.

That humiliation and anger ought to have been the driving force behind Leip’s actions, but if such were the case, then one would have to wonder for how much time could human anger and hatred retain their intensity.

Leip would constantly remind himself of the humiliation of decades ago as if it were only yesterday.

Leip: [Eventually, I will certainly have you make yourself useful. I am the one keeping you alive. You best not forget that.]

Human beings who possessed intelligence, had something known as emotion.

For example, if one spent ten or twenty years with another, even if they did not like the other person’s personality or relationship, their attitude would soften, and the harshness of their contact would dissipate.

However, that was not the case with Leip. There was always a fresh sense of hostility coming from him.

Not once did he ever speak warm words to them.

They did not know anything regarding Leip’s personal history, family makeup, or House Barielle’s affairs.

Day after day, they spent a long, quiet, and idle time in captivity, only to be told by Leip’s occasional visits about the current state of affairs in the Kingdom and the unchanging days of lying in wait.

However, on merely one occasion, they had a different conversation with Leip.

Leip: [You led the civil war in collusion with demi-humans. Just what in the world was your objective?]

More than twenty years had already passed since the Demi-Human War, and it was far too late to discuss that topic anymore.

Leip asked this question at a time when both Valga and Libre, who had fought with them, had already died, and the major figures of the Demi-Human Alliance at the time were all gone.

Why he wanted to know that, they did not ask.

They had a feeling that if they asked questions back, Leip would be taken aback, and the topic itself would be closed. Therefore, they did not say anything out of line and did not feel the need to hide their purpose, so they spoke frankly.

Their cooperation in the Demi-Human War was to fulfill their own purpose of creation.

Leip: [――Rubbish.]

Upon hearing that the Demi-Human War was part of the process of trying to achieve the purpose of their creation, something they had been pursuing for more than a century, Leip readily spat back that retort.

They did not feel any anger or sadness from Leip’s reaction. They had always been that way, and Leip’s reaction was as expected.

From the point of view of this man with foul ambitions, all wishes other than his own were worthless.

But――,

Leip: [You were born as yourself but wish to go out of your way to become someone else? Why bother to pretend to live under someone else’s name and way of life, only to let your own name die?]

That conversation, which they had thought would end after being cut off with that single word, had continued.

Leip turned toward them with eyes clouded with negative emotions, more frustrated than ever, as if to say that this was a truly repugnant idea.

Leip: [Your objective has no value whatsoever. As expected, you are to be used by me. After all, your desire is one that would not have even a shred of value when fulfilled. Should you intend to squander it, give it to me.]

???: [You――]

Leip: [Your purpose of creation is worthless. If you cannot live without someone telling you what to do, then you ought to be used for the sake of my wish.]

There was not an iota of righteous indignation or compassion in Leip’s eyes as he spoke.

In Leip’s clouded eyes was anger toward those who had brought about his undiminished humiliation, resentment, and hatred toward an era and a world that refused to acknowledge his existence, and an ambition, like a flame of black, to push himself into a more deserved position.

They were so violent, as if trampling them, as if pouring sludge on them, that they would certainly plunge a blade into their being, tearing them apart and causing them to bleed cold blood.

――To fulfill their purpose of creation, borne out of their creator.

That was the meaning of their life, the purpose of having kept walking forward for such a long time.

Yet, had they ever harbored an intense ardor for that purpose? Never. Never once had they harbored a passion for it. The need to accomplish what was given to them only because they had been given it, such was the habit and compromise bereft of ardor, which ruled their life.

However, intrinsically, was this not what a wish, what a desire, was meant to be?

To deeply desire something, to try to fulfill a wish that one wanted to, was it not correct for those to become like this?

Was Leip Barielle’s way of being not the correct method for one to grant their desires?

???: [――――]

Once again, a long time had passed. During that time, their relationship with Leip had remained unchanged.

Not many words were exchanged, and time ticked moment-by-moment without a role having been prepared for them, for which they had been told they would be of use.

Then, eventually, there was a change.

Leip: [At last, it seems an opportunity has presented itself.]

Indeed, Leip, whose eyes blazed with a maniacal glint, had grown thin and gaunt, his face and body corroded by an age that could not be reversed, despite his undiminished ambition.

The time he would be able to seize the thread that dangled in front of him had finally arrived, and it delighted him that he would finally be rewarded after prohibiting himself from even blinking.

According to what they had heard, Leip had established himself among the Royal Family of Lugunica over the past few decades and was entrusted with the management of the tablet of prophecies called the Dragon History Stone, which the Divine Dragon had conferred on the Kingdom.

Having grasped the fact that the prophetic tablet had been inscribed with information about a calamity that would soon strike the Kingdom of Lugunica―― a disease that would spread through the Royal Family, Leip blazed with aspirations towards the next battle for the throne that would follow thereafter.

Leip: [I will find a candidate before anyone else. I will take her as my wife and send her to the Royal Selection… and I will surely get my hands on the throne. I will make use of you, too.]

With fists clenched tight with nothing but skin and bones, Leip was determined to do just that.

They had always been told that they would be of use, but now that it was feasible, even as someone who had been connected to them for several decades, there was a small sense of excitement. ――They, had expectations.

The next time he came, Leip had found a candidate, and he ordered them to prepare a technique to break their mind. By doing so, he would turn the candidate into a puppet and rule the next age of the Kingdom with his own hands.

Leip’s ambition to mastermind such a grand scheme, to plot its realization with unusual tenacity, and to actually bring it to the brink of fruition was, for all intents and purposes, dazzling in a dark way.

They wanted it to come true. They wanted him to fulfill it. All while following that passion.

They wanted him to fulfill his foul ambitions that would compel anyone to look away, to use the Kingdom for his own desires, to use even a Witch as a stepping stone for his own desires, and to achieve his deluded obsession.

The thing that was lacking from within themselves was none other than that; that was what Sphinx wanted him to teach her.

So, she waited. She kept waiting.

She eagerly looked forward to breaking the mind of the woman Leip had married to take advantage of as a candidate to participate in the Royal Selection.

She waited, and waited, and waited, but Leip never showed up.

In order to find out why he had not appeared, she undid the bindings that had not been broken for decades, and ventured out on their own.

And, it was only upon finding out why had Leip not shown up, that she understood.

Sphinx: [――Ah.]

――She understood, this was the “ardor” of wanting to accomplish something.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Countermeasures: Required―― No, let us see if you can prevent this.]

As Sphinx declared so, her trump card, her ace up her sleeve, her hidden trap was overturned.

Reflected upon the shimmering surface of the water mirrors were the struggles of those who overcame the schemes prepared by the Witch one after another in an effort to prevent the destruction of the Empire.

???: [――――]

Narrowing her crimson eyes, Priscilla, chained, looked at the mirror and at Sphinx’s pale face.

Yearning, drowning, Sphinx had subjected themself to the greatest burden in order to fulfill their own desires. The substance of this would be an abomination to the world, to the Empire, and to Vincent, but to Priscilla it was no abomination at all.

She did not wish for the downfall of the Empire or the world, nor for the squandering of the tireless efforts of her own older brother, Vincent.

However, the fact remained that for the sake of a desired outcome, confronting things while expending all of oneself was always beautiful.

Even when that hatred which bordered on resentment was directed against them, it was no exception.

All things had their proportional value.

Those who lacked the understanding of their own caliber and desire, overestimating it, would often be doomed. However, Priscilla wisely spoke that she did not like those who could console themselves with only what they could fit in their vessels.

She wanted to love the way of life of the fool who sought what was beyond the capacity of their caliber, who went on a path that may lead to ruin, who aimed for the sun only for their wings to melt, regardless of whether they succeeded or failed in their challenge.

Priscilla: [How lovely.]

All those who would risk their lives on the battlefield would not believe their ears at Priscilla’s words.

However, that was Priscilla’s genuine intention. In the first place, Priscilla did not prefer to act or speak in ways that conspire and deceive others. She would never wish such a way of life upon her own self.

Hence, it was genuine praise.

All those who took up arms on this battlefield, lent their shoulders to others, shed their blood, and burned their souls, regardless of whether they were alive or dead, were to be loved.

If that could come true――,

Priscilla: [――I suppose it is a sentimentality uncharacteristic of mineself.]

Priscilla closed one of her eyes, a rare grimace forming on her beautiful face.

Ever since childhood, she had imitated her older brother when entering contemplation. Vincent understood all too well the weight of the responsibility he bore, and never closed his eyes, not even when he slept.

That attitude was admirable, but excessive. ――Sometimes, there were those whom one could only meet upon the back of their eyelids.

Priscilla: [You as well, elder brother, had better find someone you can be with, someone you can shut both eyes with.]

Yang Sword in hand, Vincent had burned down the plans of the Witch who had spearheaded the Great Disaster; Priscilla uttered these words while showing respect for his way of being.

Then within the water mirrors, Priscilla saw something that caught her eye.

――Aldebaran and Natsuki Subaru.

Priscilla’s laudable clown and the Knight of the half-devil who, despite being somewhat loathsome, had been named as a Royal Selection Candidate.

Like Sphinx’s perceived threat, Priscilla also understood their struggle―― She understood the very fact that they twisted the destiny of the stars that could only be described as something more than a trivial matter.

Priscilla: [What in the Witch’s… Nay, what in the heavens are you both deceiving?]

Sphinx, the mastermind behind the Great Disaster, was not half-hearted in the numerous artifices she had laid out.

The undead army created with the Sacrament of the Immortal King, the use of the Stone Muspel to realize them, her advent as the Witch of Greed who managed to evade the flame of the Yang Sword once before, the murderous intent toward Arakiya who shared her destiny with the lands of the Empire, the starlight and the Magic Crystal Cannon, the subsequent overload of the Magic Core, the deployment of the magic circle to utilize the magic crystals, and the staging of the plight of the Fortified City――.

Who could have predicted that such well-orchestrated plans would be foiled at every turn?

For the Wise Emperor Vincent Vollachia, for his right-hand man Chisha Gold the White Spider, and for none other than Priscilla Barielle, it would have been impossible.

The ruination of the Vollachian Empire ought to have been inescapable.

It ought to have been inescapable, if it were not for those who broke through that dead-end of fate with an unthinkable power.

That was why――,

Priscilla: [――Just one more hand to play.]

Priscilla’s lips spun those words as she peered at the scene that floated on the mirror’s surface.

The massive water mirror above the Imperial Capital reflected the plight of the distant Fortified City and tried to break the will of those in the Imperial Capital to fight. ――The fire of obliteration, previously swallowed by the void, drowned it out.

The starlight had been negated by the Magic Crystal Cannon, the pride of Imperial Capital, and the water mirror shattered.

At last, it seemed that all of Witch’s stratagems had been thwarted.

However――,

Sphinx: [I am not done yet.]

The starlight over the Fortified City had been drowned out, but even so, the Witch’s all-encompassing plans yet remained to be exhausted.

While the Witch watched as the mass-scale disaster she had prepared was prevented, she used this as a springboard to set up a trap.

――The water mirror shattered in the sky, turned into raindrops, and poured down upon the entire Imperial Capital.

Like a passing storm, it drenched the Imperial Capital, with raindrops striking the living and the dead alike.

And so they were blades of water, the harmful disguised as the harmless.

Slowly, the drops that slid over the skin of those struck by raindrops shuddered, becoming blades. This danger loomed equally over everyone, except those who were inside buildings or the transcendent beings who avoided the rain by instinctive intuition.

It became a fatal brandish, one that could no longer be avoided.

Priscilla: [――――]

Hence why, Priscilla closed her eyes.

Earlier, she had thought about Vincent, and then she did the same thing. ――Schult, Heinkel, Emilia, Crusch, Felt, Anastasia, Serena, and Arakiya, in the darkness behind her eyelids, Priscilla saw many faces, many souls.

Among them, Vincent, Lamia, Rem, and Aldebaran were also present.

All of them, people who lacked one more hand to play.

Priscilla: [――The world is made for my convenience.]

Priscilla muttered thus, and Sphinx’s movement ceased as she attempted to brandish these blades of raindrops.

Through the water mirror she gazed towards Priscilla, her black eyes wide open.

In the next instant, the alternate space created to hold Priscilla collapsed. ――In the blink of an eye, it was unbearably engulfed by the scintillating flames brought about by the Sun Princess trapped within.

△▼△▼△▼△

The moment the starlight flashed over the Fortified City, everyone who looked up to the sky was speechless.

???: [――――]

This was right after they had succeeded in defeating the Blight Dragon that had attacked them just priorly, and the fact that they had successfully defeated a powerful enemy together had boosted the morale of all the soldiers who were challenging the siege to their utmost.

However, before the fact that the undead’s most powerful force had been destroyed was conveyed to all, beautiful destruction loomed overhead, many forgetting the beating of their own hearts.

Of course, there were those who tried everything they could under these circumstances.

The same was true of the Spirit Knight clad in an aura of light, the female warriors who would never lose their fighting spirit, the soldier with insects within him and the hulking frame clad in gold, the Battalion who was assembled in the light of their own star.

Even the wise ones, who lacked the strength to fight, considered countless thoughts in that brief gap of time, sparing no second to attempt to overcome their desperate predicament.

But still, just like ants gathered together to stop a giant, it was certain that everything would be trampled, and reaped.

――Until the fire of destruction flew from the distant sky, colliding with the light of the star, and the world flashed white.

???: [――――]

At the time, no one knew what had happened.

However, the retinas of those who did not look away were scorched white, revealing that the destruction that ought to have arrived before the return of their eyesight did not descend upon them.

And then――,

???: [――Hk.]

The two lights, the white of the star and the red of the fire, blended together, and a shockwave covered the sky of the Fortified City.

The blast, which occurred a moment later, scattered in all directions, shaking even the city’s sturdy walls, sending gusts of wind throughout the city, blowing away the living and the dead entire.

In addition, intense winds cracked even the great mountain that supported the city, causing rock faces to collapse and detach, large falling rocks engulfing a corner of the great fortress with a roar.

Unfortunately, that location had been assigned as a first aid station where the injured were being brought――.

???: [――Rem! Hey, Rem!]

At the call of a frantic voice, Rem’s eyes blinked several times.

For a moment, her thoughts were whited out, and it took her a moment to figure out what had happened.

But, she soon realized that it was Katya’s voice frantically calling to her, and she remembered that the relief station had been involved in a collapse caused by falling rocks.

Seeing cracks in the walls and ceiling, Rem had quickly pushed Katya away, and then, collapse.

And yet――,

Rem: [I’m, alive…?]

Katya: [Of course you’re alive! You really shouldn’t have done that! If you died protecting me, my heart really would have died this time…]

Buried beneath the rubble, Katya’s tearful voice struck Rem’s ears, confirming that she was still alive. That powerful grief was interrupted by the sight of Rem pushing aside the rubble from atop her body.

Certainly, she would be surprised. The debris on top of Rem was quite heavy, and even with Rem’s strength, which was that of the Oni Clan, it should have been too heavy for her to move it so easily.

Yet, Rem was still able to do it.

Katya: [R-Rem, your… your eye!]

Pointing at Rem’s face, Katya let out a shrill, high-pitched scream.

Rem could guess that Katya was pointing to her left eye, which probably had a blaze lit within it. This was because, Katya’s left eye also had a flame burning.

――No, it was not just Rem and Katya.

All those in the aid station, except for Rem and Katya, who had been caught in the collapse, stood up with only minor scratches and no serious injuries.

She could see a flickering flame in one eye of every person.

That flame, the power that came from it, brought forth strength to Rem.

And that was because――,

Rem: [――Priscilla-sama?]

Rem muttered to herself as she felt the heat of the painless flame in her eye.

Unsure. Rem was not even sure why. But, Rem followed her heart and was certain of who it was that had brought about that flame.

Rem: [Katya-san.]

Katya: [W-what is this!? Water… where’s some water!? Quick, quick, I need some water to put this out…!]

Rem: [No, I don’t think this is a fire that should be put out. Besides.]

Katya: [Besides?]

Before the flustered and confused Katya, Rem stood up and found her overturned, barely damaged wheelchair, lifted Katya into it, and sat her down.

Then, she looked at the people in the relief station who were standing up, and nodded.

Rem: [I feel like I’m being told something. ――That, we’ve got to hang on just a bit further.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――The water mirror shattered, and the crimson woman descended from the sky in a spray of droplets.

All were transfixed by her overwhelming presence, looking up at the sky as if being bathed by the setting sun.

And, of course, that held true for the Witch as well.

???: [――Priscilla Barielle!]

At this moment, after deconstructing the magic crystals with the activation of the incomplete magic circle, there were forty-four Witches that Sphinx had manifested by absorbing some of the vast amount of Mana.

Each of them turned their palms toward the sky, and light appeared around the descending Priscilla.

But――,

???: [Don’t look away and don’t touch the dancing lady!] ???: [I dunno about that, bad move that.]

Not missing this opportunity, the transcendent beings interfered, reducing the number from forty-four to thirty-six in one fell swoop.

Despite that, the balls of light, more than enough to threaten one person, gathered all at once towards Priscilla. A lethal attack from all directions, it tried to capture the sun as it escaped its captivity――,

???: [I won’t let it!]

Responding to that cry of parental love, the streets of the Imperial Capital shifted and moved before shooting out like spears.

They blocked the blasts of light that were trying to reach Priscilla in the air, and a series of explosions and blasts painted the sky as they protected her.

???: [Together, Beatrice!] ???: [No need for you to say it, I suppose!]

An amethyst glow appeared around Priscilla as she continued to descend through the blast of light. It was a disk-shaped crystal, acting as a shield to intercept the approaching balls of light, that was created by the combined efforts of both Spirit and mage to protect and defend Priscilla.

However――,

Witch: [Not yet!]

With emotion to the point of spitting blood, the Witch shouted.

Immediately afterward, the disk was struck hard and began to creak; eventually, the cracks widened, and the disk shattered all at once.

Having done so, the Witch, her white hair fluttering, rose into the sky and attempted to shower life-rending light upon Priscilla, as the latter fell unprotected.

???: [Uuau!!] ???: [I will not let you do that!]

The blonde girl teleported from the ground, and the deergirl jumped and kicked with a force that could break the Crystal Palace, striking a blow to the torso of the Witch, who saw none else except Priscilla, at the same time.

The Witch crumpled, and the heat ray that was fired missed its target.

Witch: [Catalyst: Required.]

The crumpled Witch shattered into bits of dirt, but even that was part of the plan of which she spoke.

A moment later, multiple Witches on the ground joined hands with each other; because they were the same being, in perfect synchronization, they shortened the construction of a technique, generating a great storm.

It became raging water, wind, and light, engulfing Priscilla in the sky.

In the next moment, Priscilla would be torn to shreds, her body left in a pitiful state――,

???: [ Icicle Line ――!]

The storm of destruction exploded from within, and what appeared next was not the torn figure of Priscilla, but rather a flower of ice that bloomed in the heavens as if to protect and adorn her.

The great, ravishing flower petals trapped the light, not allowing it to reach Priscilla.

And then, a figure furiously approached, as Priscilla defied all of the death, destruction, and demise that loomed around her.

It was――,

???: [――Princess!!]

Aldebaran rose from the ground of the Imperial Capital, stretching into the sky with a distorted, misshapen pillar of stone and earth beneath his feet, drawing ever closer to Priscilla.

The column rapidly grew, and the distance between the falling Priscilla and the ascending Aldebaran shrank, and shrank, and shrank, and shrank―― until the distance became zero.

Al: [――Hk.]

Balancing on top of an unstable pillar, he stretched out his right arm to forcefully catch Priscilla as she fell. Just as they were about to fall together, Aldebaran secured his legs firmly atop the pillar, risking his life to protect Priscilla from the fall.

Priscilla’s almond-shaped eyes narrowed at Aldebaran’s life-or-death decisive action,

Priscilla: [It is a great service.]

As Priscilla briefly spoke, Aldebaran, overcome by emotion, bowed his head. Then he looked up, his voice trembling,

Al: [Princess, Princess, my Princess…! Finally, again… OUCH!!]

Priscilla: [Nonsense. Who belongs to you?]

Priscilla struck Aldebaran, who was on the brink of losing it, on the head with the hilt of her Yang Sword. Aldebaran instinctively crouched down as he felt the force of the blow, which threatened to dent his steel helmet. He was unable to rub the spot where he had been hit, as he was supporting Priscilla with his one arm.

Priscilla gave a short snicker to the pitiful Aldebaran, with a “Heh”,

Priscilla: [However, that was an excellent effort from you. I bestow mine praise.]

Al: [Well, I’m very grateful and honored… what about you, Princess? Everything okay? No injuries? Did they hurt you or anything? I mean, you look so pretty for someone who was being held captive.]

Priscilla: [Do not repeat such nonsense. In the first place, mine beauty is not going to diminish from being imprisoned for a short while. Mind your tongue, Al.]

Al: [――――]

Held by his arm, Priscilla told him so in a stunning manner, and Aldebaran’s―― Al’s breath caught in his throat.

Then, once again, he nodded deeply, confirming that Priscilla was indeed before him. To Al’s reaction, Priscilla, still in his embrace, looked around,

Priscilla: [Witness, the true star of the show. You shall have grand excitements.]

Reflected in Priscilla’s eyes as she spoke atop the stone pillar were multiple figures, those who were putting their lives on the line in this battle, and in the eyes of each of them, a flame was lit.

The flame of Priscilla Barielle’s soul blazed within the eyes of those she deemed worthy of love.

That, of course, included――,

Al: [Princess?]

With Al right beside her, she lifted the visor of the helmet he wore with her finger and peeked within. ――The right eye upon his face, which he had never revealed to anyone but Priscilla, was lit by the same flame.

Upon seeing this, Priscilla smiled pleasantly, and spoke.

Priscilla: [It is no matter of consequence. ――As always, this world is made for my convenience.]

--- Chapter 73: Fated Foes ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――It was a feeling similar to that of being buried from the neck down in a dark place.

Their feet sunk into the unending mixture of earth, sand, and pebbles, which eventually reached their waist, chest, and shoulders, leaving only their head exposed.

It was only a matter of time before their head was buried in the cold dust that was gradually piling up.

Desperately turning their head upward, they tried to breathe out the dust that was piling up, trying as hard as they could to postpone even just a little the moment they would suffocate, the moment they would be buried up to the top of their head.

From the time they were born until today, they had never felt so much discomfort.

Their mind was always unstable, like walking on water, but their body had never been like that. They were sure that they were better at moving their body than most people.

Once that source of comfort was taken away from them, they felt like crying, thinking about how helpless they were. But, they did not know how to shed tears. They were not even good at crying.

They lacked in just about everything. Still, there were things they wanted.

They were all too unaware of it, but they finally realized it. ――They finally realized how greedy they had been.

And then――,

???: [――――]

Suddenly, the feeling of dust pouring down from above disappeared.

It hit their forehead softly, and the feeling of it burying them as though spilling out stopped, and a flickering blue-white light illuminated the area as it swirled around them.

The light that flashed provocatively around their field of vision was uncontrollably irritating, and they struggled, and struggled, and struggled, and eventually, the arms of their body, buried up to their neck, reached up into the air.

As if escaping their outstretched hand, the pale-blue light went a little higher again.

Wanting to chase after it, they forcefully pulled their buried body out in order to reach the heights they could not reach. They got their shoulders out, their chest, and if they could get their waist out, then they would just be one breath away.

Eventually, when they were out to their toes, they looked up and tried to catch the blue-white light, and realized something.

There was a red flame right in front of them that brilliantly lit up the area.

Then, the blue-white light that they were trying to catch wrapped itself around them, trying to push them toward the radiant flames.

For a moment, there was hesitation. But not due to fear of the flames.

They hesitated, wondering if their cold self was worthy of the fortune of being burned by the flames.

However, that hesitation was only momentary.

It was not about whether they were qualified or not, but whether or not they wanted to be burned.

They were going to be burned, or so they thought.

That was why――,

???: [――Enough of this, wake up. How much longer do you intend to keep mineself waiting?]

They took one step forward, straight ahead, to be burned by that gentle flame.

One step forward――,

???: […Princess, I, did my best.]

???: [It is only natural. ――Just who do you take mine foster sister for?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――At that moment, the Witch, Sphinx, was convinced that all of her plans had fallen apart.

Having given rise to the hosts of undead as the Great Disaster, she had ascertained the whereabouts of the soul through the countless amounts of trial and error they had carried out, and utilizing that, she had accomplished her purpose of creation, to reproduce the Witch of Greed.

In addition, through the act of killing the Stone, Muspel, by having it use the architecture of the Sacrament of the Immortal King technique, and inducing the collapse of the Vollachian Empire’s vast lands, putting an end to all things that comprised the Empire, she would show Priscilla Barielle, the sole person placed within the alternate space, the destruction of her homeland.

By doing so, Sphinx had plotted to enact retribution, triumph, revenge, supremacy, conquest, overthrowal, vanquishment, sacrilege, subjugation, a rise, a fall, a rampage, exultation, happiness, or at least just “something” against Priscilla, who had invited the death of Leip Barielle, the man who had taught Sphinx this repulsive, foul “ardor”.

All of that was completely, unsparingly, until no part would remain recognizable, falling apart.

Sphinx: [――The Sacrament of the Immortal King is…]

The fact that its effects had been lost, was something that Sphinx could not help but recognize.

Centered around the Imperial Capital of Lupugana, the five locations aligning with the north, east, south, and west of the Vollachian Empire―― spread out over the sites designated as the points of settlement for the ever-migrating Stone, using the blood permeated into the Vollachian Empire’s vast lands as a medium, the magic circle had continued to resurrect the dead via the Sacrament of the Immortal King.

However, that too would come to an end if the vast supply of Mana from the Stone was lost.

Sphinx: [The Spirit Eater, Arakiya… has she seized control over Muspel?]

At the unthinkable reality, she could do nothing but surmise based on the events that had transpired.

That which she had taken upon herself was a far too exceedingly powerful Great Spirit, and even though Arakiya was supposed to have burst asunder after taking it in, the exorcism performed by the swordsman wielding the Dream Sword Masayume had placed the Great Spirit under her complete dominion.

By this point, the Stone, Muspel, was already one and the same as the Spirit Eater, Arakiya.

And, Arakiya had no reason to disobey the Vollachian Empire and support the Great Disaster.

From here on out――,

Sphinx: [The undead will not revive anymore.]

The immortal army, the pack of dead wolves who could endlessly revive in their death, the prerequisite for that had collapsed.

Even if the supply from the Stone was severed, it did not mean the undead would lose their lives immediately. Only, the playing field had been leveled. ――Death meant the end, just like it did for the living.

Sphinx: [――Hk.]

With the supply of Mana to the magic circle severed, she had spent around five seconds sorting out the situation.

But, in those mere five seconds, Sphinx, who had already been reduced to thirty-six bodies, was diminished by another seven, bringing her total count down to twenty-nine.

Moving with superhuman speed and combat ability, the Blue Lightning and the Admirer were far too powerful.

Although she was supposed to be able to reproduce the capacity of her creator, the Witch of Greed, she could not hold her own in the slightest. She could not even get a solid hit in. These opponents were on a level such that she could not even overcome them by sheer force of numbers.

Even if she wanted to do something about that, those two fighting were not the only ones up against the Witch.

Hence――,

Sphinx: [――Retreat: Required.] Sphinx: [――Retreat: Required.] Sphinx: [――Retreat: Required.]

Having arrived at a situation in which she was powerless, the Witch, Sphinx, deemed the annulment of her plan the most rational course of action.

She had prepared a steadfast resolve, worked out infallible stratagems, and had commenced her plan with everything in place, but to still have everything overturned to this extent, meant that modifying her plan was no longer possible.

It was aggravating, but her best option was to accept it given that she had accomplished one of her two overarching objectives.

In fact, she had fulfilled her long-standing purpose of creation that had been given to her by her creator. Compared to the purpose she had pursued for over three-hundred years, there was no way that the objective she had desired for merely a year was of equal value.

Sphinx: [――Retreat: Required.] Sphinx: [――Retreat: Required.]

To begin with, the situation had never been one with balanced scales.

The reason for which she had been created, she reaffirmed her perception of it. What was required of her was the advent of the Witch of Greed, and she was certainly achieving that.

Painting over her current self as Sphinx, by becoming the Witch of Greed, Echidna――.

Sphinx: [――Retreat: Required.]

She would be remade. With that, her purpose of creation would be fulfilled.

With the disappearance of Sphinx, and the revival of Echidna, her days of obsession lasting over three-hundred years would come to a close.

To desire anything more than that would not be rational. It would not be rational. It would not, be rational.

Even though it would not be rational――.

Sphinx: [――――]

That instant, a hoisted Yang Sword unleashed a dazzling scintillation, displaying their own presence throughout the entirety of the Imperial Capital.

Having scorched through the alternate space, having forcibly made a return to the skies of the Imperial Capital, having surmounted the future that ought to have torn her limb from limb as if it were only natural, it was a provocation appealing to the Witch, who had decided to retreat.

Clad in a dress red like blood, with the hue of her hair bright like the sun, her dazzling presence radiating like a blaze, the woman who could not live in any other way but to scorch others like a flame, smiled.

Woman: [――You had better come, Sphinx. For thine enemy, is mineself.]

That instant, the twenty-nine Witches, the twenty-nine Sphinxes, every single one of them made up their minds.

That being――,

Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!] Sphinx: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [If we let them slip away, it shall surely be a disaster for the world. By nature, when it comes to changing the state of the world, mineself shall not be touching that. ――But when it comes to that thing , they have decided to make mineself their destiny.]

So Priscilla remarked as she descended from Al’s arm, with the crumbling stone and dirt scaffolding behind her.

Her appearance, a picture of arrogance, was so full of confidence and majesty that it was hard to believe that she had been a captive until just before.

Al, who had unexpectedly gained momentum from those words, looked as if he was feeling the pressure,

Al: [So Princess, you’re saying you’re gonna deal with them? Why do you have to do that? Let’s surround that troublesome piece of shit and beat her up… OUCH!]

Priscilla: [Nonsense. If we take life by any means, we shall give the other party the same option. This battle must be decided before that thing decides that its enemy is the world.]

???: […Otherwise, we can’t win?]

Priscilla crossed her arms as if to emphasize her voluptuous breasts, and Arakiya, kneeling beside her, tilted her head up. Priscilla shrugged her shoulders in disappointment at the question from Arakiya, who had a fire lit in her right eye and was holding her blood-red left eye with her hand.

Priscilla: [Arakiya, do not speak such foolishness as Al does. Does the me you know put so much emphasis on only one aspect, such as winning or losing?]

Arakiya: [But, Princess, you like to win. You seem happier when you do.]

Priscilla: [It is only natural. That is who mineself is.]

???: [Don’t ignore the premise that you yourself said! You’re getting them mixed up!]

Priscilla was asking Arakiya some unreasonable things, and Subaru, unable to remain silent, interjected.

Subaru unexpectedly lurched forward, and Priscilla’s crimson eyes narrowed in response to his vigour,

Priscilla: [What’s with you? This is no place for a child like you. Swiftly leave.]

Subaru: [Sorry, my bad! I’m Natsuki Subaru, though my size is like this! I’m the Knight of the loveliest and cutest in all the everlasting heavens, Emilia-tan!]

Priscilla: [To call such a child a Knight, it seems that the half-devil has a serious shortage of talented people. In this case, that noisy foolish commoner would have been better.]

Subaru: [That’s me! That’s me ! ]

In a way more unreasonable than her response to Arakiya, and forgetting the feeling of emptiness in his whole body, Subaru exclaimed.

He knew that Priscilla would erase anyone she was not interested in from her memory, but Subaru, who had been so concerned for her well-being, though not as much of course as Al, Schult, or the siscon, Abel, would not allow her to.

And to Subaru, who wiped the blood from his nose and came up close to her with that look on his face,

Priscilla: [――Fool.]

Subaru: [Huh?]

Priscilla: [You should at least make the distinction as to what is a jape. ――Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Without changing her expression, Priscilla spoke thus as she crossed her arms, and as soon as the meaning of Priscilla’s words seeped into his brain, Subaru’s entire body was overcome by heat.

But it was not anger for having been toyed with, but a kind of, deeply moving emotion.

It was the fact that Priscilla Barielle had remembered and called his name.

Subaru: […I feel like the old me that got my jaw kicked is getting his reward!]

Stifling his past emotions, Subaru touched his chin and spoke those words.

Every single person in the Imperial Capital did not have a second to spare to engage in further exchanges.

To that end――,

Priscilla: [――I have to teach them this very thing. That what you shall behold is not the world, but mineself.]

Immediately after she declared so, Priscilla uncrossed her arms and held up the Yang Sword in her right hand to the sky.

Then, without any explanation of what it would do, the Yang Sword suddenly grew brighter, the glare burning Subaru’s eyes as if a new sun had been born there. ――No, despite the tremendous amount of light, it did not cause pain akin to looking directly at the sun.

Priscilla: [The Yang Sword cuts what mineself decides to cut, burns what mineself wishes to burn.]

Once again, Priscilla explained how extraordinary it was and smiled, holding the dazzling, shining treasure sword ――a sword that made its presence known everywhere in the Imperial Capital.

As she laughed, she drew the provocation of whom should have been paying attention, but was neither present here.

Priscilla: [――You had better come, Sphinx. For thine enemy, is mineself.]

Subaru: [――――]

Intuitively, Subaru understood that this was a trap set by Priscilla.

Sphinx, who had attempted to take Abel to Priscilla, was obsessed with her for some reason. And that attachment had grown as she interacted with the captive Priscilla. Or perhaps Priscilla had provoked her to do so.

Either way――,

???: [――I, AM YOUR ENEMY, PRISCILLA BARIELLE!!]

Indeed, the tense atmosphere on the battlefield clearly showed how the Witch had received Priscilla’s declaration of war.

Subaru could not laugh at this emotional conclusion, which seemed neither logical nor rational.

No creature could ignore the glare of the sun when challenged by it.

Priscilla: [Al, I shall entrust this place to you. Arakiya, come.]

Al: [――Hk, okay.]

Arakiya: [Yes, Princess.]

Al and Arakiya responded to Priscilla’s short and compelling instructions.

One had been entrusted with this place, and the other had been asked to accompany her. Then Priscilla turned to someone who was neither of them, to Subaru.

Priscilla: [Natsuki Subaru.]

Subaru: [Oh, uh. Me…]

Priscilla: [Heroic reveries, is that what you spoke of?]

Subaru: [――――]

The shock of being called by name again was easily overcome by the words that followed.

The resolve and determination exchanged between Subaru and Al were ones they had to keep carrying with them, that they had to fulfill in both the Empire they were in, as well as in the coming world.

If someone were to ask, they would have laughed at what a foolish statement weak people like Subaru and Al had made―― but it felt like Priscilla would not laugh at it.

Priscilla: [――Do what you ought to do.]

Indeed, what Subaru felt was affirmed by Priscilla’s words.

Subaru felt Priscilla’s voice push his back, then his soul, causing him to fall silent. Priscilla, however, waited not for a reply. Merely, she spoke as per her wishes, and turned away.

As soon as Arakiya embraced Priscilla’s slender waist, their bodies flew up into the air.

And just like that, Priscilla flew away with Arakiya,

Al: [Princess! Please act like you always do!]

Priscilla: [‘Tis only natural. Just who do you take mineself for?]

Al: [Priscilla Barielle! You’re my Princess!]

Priscilla: [Who belongs to you, fool?]

In response to Al’s words, Priscilla flew away, leaving behind a slight afterimage of her lips breaking into a smile.

Right after, Priscilla and Arakiya left Subaru and the others. ――No, in actual fact, they did not exactly leave them. They moved away from the Witch that was being held captive there.

Witch: [――――]

Subaru and Al both turned to look at the Witch, who was sitting leaning against a shattered wall. Her entire body, bound by a black light, was restrained from moving.

The seal was similar to the one applied to Roy Alphard, Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, who had previously been captured at the Pleiades Watchtower; but, it also gave off a slightly different impression.

Subaru’s role was to confront the Witch, her power now having been sealed.

Beatrice: [Subaru! There you are, in fact!]

Right after Subaru’s display of enthusiasm, Beatrice returned at the perfect time. Together with Roswaal, Beatrice welcomed her very much needed partner for this final phase of the game.

That partner was Spica, who flew in on Roswaal’s back along with Beatrice.

Roswaal: [Keeping both hands free is more reasonable for a magiiician~, but I don’t think it’s possible in this case, no?]

Beatrice: [How fussy, I suppose! Come on, Spica, let’s go, in fact!]

Spica: [Eao, au!]

At Beatrice’s prompting, Spica kicked off Roswaal’s back, and landed on the ground at Subaru’s side. Stroking her head as she looked up at him, Subaru flashed a smile at Spica, her semblance one of amusement.

After that, he again held her hand and turned to the Witch.

And then――,

Subaru: [Spica, I know you might have a bloated belly and heartburn, but I need you to give it another try please.]

Spica: [U!]

Spica responded to Subaru’s request in a hearty manner, smiling as if to show off her sharp teeth. Entrusting everything to her stout nature, Subaru looked at the Witch.

This Witch stared back at Subaru with the same face as the Witch who had the worst kind of  nature in the world. Narrowing her black eyes, the Witch smiled, and opened her mouth.

Witch: [Will you be able to capture my soul?]

In her state of immobility, when it came to just matters of life and death, the Witch spoke those words while always keeping control.

In response to the Witch’s answer, Subaru thought of the sensation of Spica’s hand joined in his, the presence of Al nodding beside him, Beatrice and Roswaal working together to get rid of obstacles in Subaru’s way, the people who cooperated to save Priscilla from coming to ruin, and the warm flowers of ice that appeared at the end――,

Subaru: [Don’t be mistaken. It’s not me who’s going to beat you, it’s us.]

Witch: [――――]

After announcing that, Subaru and Spica took a step forward, closing the distance with the Witch.

Then, he and Spica reached out and touched the Witch’s cheek,

Subaru: [――Sphinx.]

In order to eat the way of being of the undead Witch, they threw down their challenge onto their final Star Eating.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The moment that balls of light rained down one after another, Vincent took Medium in his arm, and jumped out from the uppermost floor of the Crystal Palace.

“Wahyah!?” Medium screamed, and as he pulled her slender waist close, she took care not to drop Madelyn, as they took off towards the outside.

At the same time, turning his attention toward the other person also present who he could not reach,

Vincent: [Olbart Dunkelkenn!]

Olbart: [Ya don’t gotta tell me!]

Immediately afterwards, the battery of the Magic Crystal Cannon, which Vincent, who was carrying Medium and Madelyn, and Olbart had jumped away from, was blown apart.

With the wind blowing strong from the high altitude, Vincent instructed Medium, “Hold on tight”. Ensuring that her arms were wrapped tightly around him, he kicked the wall forcefully.

Using the momentum from the kick against the wall, they evaded the pursuing heat rays of light, landing on the ground.

Olbart: [Oh, geez, that was a real close one. At this point, I’m thinkin’ the only thing I’m able ta do that the other shinobi can’t is dyin’ of old age.]

Vincent: [Indeed, I have never heard of such a thing as a shinobi dying of old age.]

Olbart: [For the old folks who can’t possibly be useful anymore, makin’ ‘em carry a Magic Stone and blow themselves up is a common tactic of the shinobi .]

Medium: [Come on! Stop talking about scary things and put me down! Put! Me! Down!]

Despite having lost both arms, Olbart was in good spirits; as he exchanged words with Vincent, Medium, flailing her arms and legs, dropped to the ground from his arms.

Thus, his hands now freed, Vincent regained his grip on the Yang Sword, and directed his gaze upward.

Thereupon――,

Vincent: [――The Witch, is it?]

Within Vincent’s field of vision, a woman with fluttering white hair descended upon the battery.

With the Magic Core lost, and a decent amount of the Palace’s Magic Crystals having been removed by a large-scale technique, the Witch still landed there, because that was where her objective lay.

Having moved Vincent and the others out of the way, just what was the Witch scheming?

Vincent: [――. Moguro Hagane, is it?]

Olbart: [Hmm? What’re ya talkin’ about, Yer Excellency? If it’s ’bout that Moguro fella, Balleroy snatched ‘em up, ain’t that right? And yet…]

Vincent: [Fool, what was taken away was merely the Magic Core. Within the palace, parts of the Meteor other than the core remain――]

Medium: [――! Abel-chin!]

With a sensation akin to a thunderclap, a possibility struck Vincent as a flustered Medium tapped him on the shoulder, pointing at the castle.

Before Vincent and the others, as the former grit his teeth at the stimulus, a new alteration was yielded in the Crystal Palace. ――Slowly, the Crystal Palace itself began to stand up.

???: [――――]

It was Moguro Hagane, the emblematic Meteor of the Vollachian Empire, known as the Crystal Palace.

With the Magic Core, the control unit and power source of the Meteor, having been removed, the explosion of the overloaded Magic Core extended into the far reaches of the sky where it had been carried away to.

In short, the individual recognized as Moguro Hagane of the Nine Divine Generals, was simply a single part of the enormous Meteor. Even during the battle for the Imperial Capital before the Great Disaster had occurred, Moguro had demonstrated the Palace’s true capability without fail―― the original defense mechanisms to protect the Magic Core were still in place.

The Witch had exploited this. After the Magic Core had been lost, by forcibly activating the defense mechanisms that were no longer able to fulfill their original role, the Steel Giant―― nay, the Magic Crystal Giant, was awoken.

Having stood up, the Crystal Palace―― that which could have even been called the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier, while it shared similarities with Moguro Hagane as an individual, it exuded an incomparable aura brimming with malevolence.

Its huge body stood taller than fifty meters, and moreover, its structure was mostly composed of magic crystals, making it the equivalent of a gigantic walking bomb.

Vincent: [If we heedlessly interfere――]

The meaning of Moguro and Balleroy having staked their lives on the line would disappear.

And indeed, it came to pass right after Vincent grit his teeth.

???: [Let us begin.] ???: [Yes, Princess.]

By no means was it a loud voice. Despite this, it was a well-projected one.

The moment after Vincent and the others wondered if something had passed over their heads, a mighty fist of flame clad in light―― that, which was ten meters in size, was unleashed, resolutely striking the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier.

A tremendous wave of heat spread across the sky and the ground, causing the battered Giant Soldier to take a large step backward, and the streets beneath its feet were smashed apart as if they had been swept away by a great army.

It was an exceedingly unorthodox blow, one that did not watch where it was going.

???: [I am told that I do not watch where I am going. As if mineself is thoughtless in the actions I take.]

Vincent: [――――]

Medium: [Ah~! Priscilla-chan!]

The Giant Magic Crystal Soldier leaned back significantly, the one who had unleashed the fist of flame that struck being Arakiya, flying around midair at high speed while clad in the radiance of a diamond.

Then, letting go of Arakiya’s hand, landing on her feet, and flipping the hem of her dress, the woman―― Priscilla, was pointed at by Medium, who announced her presence in a loud voice.

Medium: [Abel-chin Abel-chin, it’s Priscilla-chan!]

Vincent: [Even without raising your voice, we can all see her. ――Where were you imprisoned?]

Priscilla: [How typical of you, elder brother, speaking in a manner such that this could never be construed as an emotional reunion. Mineself was in an alternate dimension. An alternate dimension, to which the Witch had carried away the entirety of the Palace’s dungeon.]

Vincent: [I see, it is no wonder you could not be found. How did you escape?]

Priscilla: [By setting it ablaze, of course.]

Priscilla’s straightforward response made Vincent feel a certain sense of satisfaction.

Considering what the Witch may have subjected her to while she was in captivity, she appeared in all her majestic glory upon this final stage――,

Vincent: [――. Priscilla, you…]

For a moment, a sense of unease arose in the back of his mind, and he attempted to ask Priscilla for the answer. But, before he could formulate the question, the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier prevented him from asking.

Arakiya was circling in midair, perturbing the Giant Soldier with her extraordinary power.

In order to kill Arakiya, the entirety of the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier emitted light, and a fire of destruction was unleashed from what ought to be called its right arm.

It might not have been as powerful as the mighty blast of the Magic Crystal Cannon, but it was more than enough to blow away a single life, or half of the Imperial Capital, and targeting Arakiya as she flew through the sky, targeting her, targeting her――.

Priscilla: [――It comes.]

As Arakiya was being fired upon, Vincent looked for an opening to intervene and provide cover; but, when he witnessed the same thing spoken of by Priscilla’s words, he held his Yang Sword aloft.

At that moment, opposite to the right arm being aimed at Arakiya, a light of destruction was fired from the free left arm, and it was mercilessly directed toward Vincent and the others.

Medium: [――――]

With Medium behind them, Vincent and Priscilla stood with Yang Swords at the ready. The dazzling crimson glow of the treasured swords became a rising flame, one that confronted the oncoming light head-on.

However, battle after battle, due to this conflict that never ended even if he kept burning the firewood of fighting spirit without respite, blood trickled down the hand in which Vincent held the Yang Sword.

Priscilla: [Why, is this not quite careless of you, elder brother?]

Vincent: […You have been resting until recently, so muster up your courage for the moment.]

Priscilla: [My goodness, after having poisoned and killed your own sister, even after having driven her away from her own homeland, to think that you still would treat her so cruelly, how much like a Vollachian Emperor you have become, elder brother.]

At that exchange, a tit-for-tat in the midst of a life-threatening struggle against the light of destruction, Vincent bit down on his molars, and tensed his lips, which were about to loosen.

He would admit it. It was pleasant. His heart was elated at the return of the captive Prisca―― nay, Priscilla. Even her merciless belittlement could be burned as fuel in the stead of his will to fight.

And thus, upon where Vincent and Prisca were holding their ground――,

???: [――O child of mine own children, ’tis a great service.]

That moment, an impossible third Yang Sword joined the fray, and after a beat, there was an explosion of light, putting an end to the struggle. The one who had accomplished that, swooping in fiercely, was the King of Thorns with a brandish of artistry.

With no trace of tarnish within his splendor, Eugard Vollachia had entered the battle.

Eugard: [Mine Star hath sent mineself to stand in opposition against the awoken Crystal Palace. The twinkling of the magic crystals shall be nigh impossible for all save the Yang Sword to handle. ‘Tis not a matter of thyselves being bereft of strength.]

Vincent: [Even if nothing is added by your presence, that is indeed so. I am grateful for your assistance.]

Priscilla: [Hmm. ――The husband of mine Dear Mother’s soul, and the King of Thorns at that.]

Standing side-by-side, Vincent responded to Eugard’s words with one eye closed, while Priscilla looked at him through the lens of a deep emotion separate from that of receiving assistance.

Vincent also knew that Priscilla, a voracious reader, had read “Iris and the King of Thorns”. But then again, the knowledge in Priscilla’s possession would have been different from that of Vincent, who had been unaware of Yorna aka Sandra and Iris aka Yorna.

In any case, as Eugard’s eyes narrowed at Priscilla’s stare,

Eugard: [Thou too art a member of this generation’s Imperial Family, art thou not? Thou bearest the likeness of mine first wife… Terriola.]

Priscilla: [――Hmm.]

Priscilla accepted Eugard’s assessment with an unusual lack of words.

Vincent felt a slight sense of unease at Priscilla’s reaction, as she usually despised being compared with others. Never would he think that Priscilla would have the charm of getting excited to meet a character from a fairy tale.

Either way, Vincent, Priscilla, and Eugard were here.

Vincent: [Without an Imperial Selection Ceremony, three Yang Swords is beyond the realm of reason.]

Eugard: [Indeed, ’tis true. Aside from being turned against one’s siblings, never has there been greater than one Yang Sword manifested. Much less, for that to be against an enemy of the Empire.]

As Vincent and Eugard stated, it was a situation that ought not be possible.

This was a scene that had resulted from the Great Disaster which resurrected the undead, and from Vincent’s outrageous defiance of the mechanisms of the Imperial Selection Ceremony, the struggle to become Emperor of the Vollachian Empire.

Priscilla: [To be so overcome with emotion for a journey approaching its end, mine elder brother and the King of Thorns truly have too much leeway.]

Vincent and Eugard nodded to each other, and standing between the two of them, Priscilla snorted.

With her brightly shining treasured sword in her hand, Priscilla conducted herself as a majestic flame; at this, Vincent and Eugard looked at each other once more, then looked forward.

Medium: [Abel-chin! Priscilla-chan! Yorna-chan’s husband!]

Behind the three of them standing side-by-side, Medium shouted aloud as she fell back together with Madelyn in her arms and the injured Olbart.

The loudest in all her life, the loudest in the Imperial Capital, she raised her voice――,

Medium: [――Do your best!!]

Receiving that, Vincent loosened the corners of his mouth, Eugard deeply nodded, and Priscilla looked up at the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier with her crimson eyes gleaming.

Priscilla: [A matter of course. ――You ought to gaze upon mine sword dance in fascination to your heart’s delight.]

--- Chapter 74: Love ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――What was necessary, was to take hold of that which was formless.

Though it was something definitely present, it was something that, when touched, would lose its original shape, fading into the distance as it passed through outstretched fingers.

Akin to water, akin to wind, akin to light.

Akin to heat, akin to shadow, akin to a dream.

The more one roused themselves to touch it, the more one feared they might break it, the further away it grew.

???: [Even if you try to touch me, you will not be able to catch hold of me.]

They could not touch the person who was right in front of them, even though they were already undisputedly touching them.

The legs planted upon the ground, the skin basking in the evening sun that illuminated the world in scarlet, the eyes attempting to stare at the opponent directly in front of them, the heat of the flame dwelling within one of those eyes; it could all be certainly felt, and yet.

???: [――Sphinx.]

Calling that name, the role of the Witch, who had plotted everything in hopes of becoming a disaster, would be devoured.

The heinous Authority, which had plundered the lives of many, sowed misfortune, and cloaked its catastrophe, would now justly be utilized to seize happiness, to restore the lives of many people.

In refusal of that, the Witch’s soul was, quite literally, assiduously pursuing a thousand transformations.

???: [――――]

Through continually raising the undead, the Witch, Sphinx, had learned the nature of the soul.

In doing so, she had succeeded in reproducing the Witch of Greed, and by altering the nature of her soul, she had acquired a means to escape both the flame of the Yang Sword, and the light of Star Eating.

It felt like an outrageous and aimless journey, like searching for a single needle dropped in a great desert, like searching for a Spirit that did not know words and had dissolved away into the atmosphere, like searching for someone who had plunged into the sea, something that did not exist in this world.

???: [You should never go sailing out to a gret ocyan without a map and compass .]

Behind Subaru, as he was about to challenge the final decisive bout of the Empire’s upheaval, a man who came from his same world called to him.

Covered by a cold, iron helmet, he never displayed his true face. Likely, his eye―― Al’s eye, was blazing just like Subaru’s was, alight with a flame.

At those words of Al’s, Subaru realized he was not in a position where he could really rely on himself.

It was as Al had said. If one knew themselves to be standing in a desert, to be looking out onto an unfamiliar world, or to be floating upon a great ocean, then they could not afford to be reckless.

???: [――Uau.]

The small hand that was holding onto his right hand asserted its presence with heat and touch.

The reason why he knew Spica was there, was not just because they were holding each other’s hands. It was because before they had even made contact like this, he had clashed with her many a time in an attempt to understand her.

Again and again, in the endeavor to understand this incomprehensible girl, Natsuki Subaru had――.

Subaru: [My map, is my heart. And my compass , is the two of you. ――Spica, Rem.]

The more he reminisced, the more he felt his first days upon being sent to the Vollachian Empire had truly been the worst.

Unable to rely on anyone, he had been pushed away by Rem, who he had wanted to stay close to, and had been kept close to Spica, who he had tried to keep at a distance; all the while, he had kept on walking, having lost sight of his path.

And yet, even without her Memories, Rem was still Rem; even with her past, Spica was still Spica; thus, no matter where he went, what he did, or who he met, Subaru could not be anyone but Subaru.

Subaru: [――Sphinx.]

Calling her name so, his hand entwined with Spica’s, he attempted to touch the Witch’s soul.

――The power of Star Eating, was that of a wish.

‘Twas a selfish wish, one that sought salvation from others, imploring the convenience of trying to save someone by means of a power that had only ever served to plunder and disdain, akin to making a wish upon a shooting star.

Yet, that was precisely why, precisely because it was a wish entrusted upon something that was not inherently so, it had to be made in sincerity.

It was not a matter of simply calling upon a name. To truly know somebody’s name, and call it out, was to declare that you would rise to the stage with them, and participate in their life.

???: [In that case you absolutely must look your best! Every second of life is lived upon a grand stage to shine! Everyone is an actor, everyone has been cast in a role, so everyone has an obligation to speak iconic lines! Is there such a thing as lines that are fine with not sticking in the hearts of all? Is there such a thing as acting? No such things exist!]

To a stranger, what words must one say to be noticed?

To a stranger, how many times must one reach out their hand to be remembered?

To get someone’s attention, suppose to even touch someone’s soul, naught would commence without first going from being strangers to being acquainted.

For one to let somebody know who they were, he knew of the best method.

???: [My name is Emilia. Just Emilia.]

Indeed. Ahh, of course. Not you , nor yourself . Not me , nor I .

――This was a dialogue between Natsuki Subaru and Sphinx .

Subaru: [――Sphinx.]

No longer was that just a reckless call in order to touch their soul, but rather, it was an appeal to get their attention.

At the timbre that differed from all that had come before, the Witch―― nay, the woman who had been walking through a vast desert, crossing through an unfamiliar world, and drifting through a great ocean in order to escape from him, had now turned her attention to him; this he knew.

Subaru: [――――]

Although they had been close enough that he could feel her breath, only now did he lock eyes with her for the first time.

No matter what face she wore, as long as he ignored her feelings, he would be unable to reach her deepest place.

Such a natural and commonplace form of communication, would now be put to use in the final showdown of the Empire.

Subaru: [My name is Natsuki Subaru. It’s a name derived from the stars. ――What’s yours?]

△▼△▼△▼△

The assortment of three Yang Swords that lay beyond the realm of reason, and the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier that stood in the way of the Empire’s tomorrow.

Each concealed extraordinary power as they clashed against one another, the setting sun befalling the Empire being trumped by the sun upon the surface that rejected all notions of dusk, its radiance shining light upon the whole Imperial Capital.

Giant Soldier: [――――]

The Magic Crystals sinisterly gleamed, the light of destruction unleashed coloring the streets of the Imperial Capital in darkness, but, without having exchanged any words, the Sword Wolves had scattered to three different directions, and managed to evade it in an agile manner.

The vegetation and flowers that had basked in the shadowy light of the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier were brought into a state of suspended life, and in the midst of that, the King of Thorns dashed up to the rooftop of a building, and targeted the leg of the inorganic golem that was the Giant Soldier.

The dazzling brandish of the sword moved to mow down the defenseless leg of the Giant Soldier―― was deflected by a firm impact.

???: [Hoh, so you were shy enough to cover up your bare skin?]

Protected by the sword of her ancestor, the King of Thorns, the Sun Princess laughed. Her crimson eyes had ascertained the deployment of white cloth weaved with Mana to protect the colossal body of the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier.

Unlike the Steelman Moguro Hagane, was the Witch not also a woman who would clad themselves in clothes?

???: [Ready yourselves!]

Contrasting the Sun Princess as she laughed so, the Wise Emperor shouted with a rigid expression.

Immediately after, an enormous shimmering sword sliced down, and its afterglow attempted to hunt down the enemy bustling about its legs, tearing through and reshaping the streets of the Imperial Capital in a range of over one kilometer.

That act had been performed by a pillar of Magic Crystals held in the arm of the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier.

It was one of the pillars that had been constructed around the Crystal Palace, its height matching that of the Giant Soldier’s, and having been transformed into a deadly greatsword with a blade of fifty meters, its scale was such that it would not lose out to the Yang Sword.

However――,

Sun Princess: [Very well. Flashiness is to mine liking.]

Thrusting the Yang Sword into the blade of the brandished Magic Crystal greatsword, the Sun Princess rode upon it.

The swung tip of the sword was raised to a height of over one hundred meters off the ground, so she glared into the head of the Giant Soldier――the former battery of the Magic Crystal Cannon, the site that had become the current throne of the Witch.

The throne had become like a closed flower bud of Magic Crystals, and she was unable to make direct eye contact with the Witch.

In that case, until she could tempt the Witch to look at herself――,

Sun Princess: [How about I show you some dazzling “ entertahinmunt ”!?]

That instant, in response to the scintillation of the Yang Sword, the Magic Crystal greatsword in the Giant Soldier’s hand burst into flames in the blink of an eye.

With the purple swell of an inferno, the fifty-meter-long magic crystal pillar turned into light, dazzling the eyes of the world.

Of course, by burning the greatsword, she had lost her foothold, so the Sun Princess was falling headfirst towards the ground―― extending a white arm towards the heavens, a heavenly maiden caught the Sun Princess out of the sky with a flap of her wings of fire.

Sun Princess: [It is a great service.]

The praise of the Sun Princess produced a smile upon the heavenly maiden’s cheeks, and granted power to her heart. As the two soared through the sky pulling the bands of light behind them, the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier drew out a second greatsword, and moved in an attempt to slash forth――,

King of Thorns: [‘Tis to Mine Star and mine peoples, that I dedicate this brandish――]

Wise Emperor: [Do not look down upon the apex of the Sword Wolves!]

Aiming for the slender torso of the Giant Soldier, two streaks of swordlight slashed obliquely upwards from its left and right.

The combination technique of the King of Thorns and the Wise Emperor destroyed the cloth deployed to protect the body of the Giant Soldier head-on, and with a white flash, the swords were relentlessly driven into its large body.

As the treasured swords struck the Magic Crystals, a pleasant tune of shattering resounded through the skies of the Imperial Capital as if a scream from the Giant Soldier.

Giant Soldier: [――――]

Making a creaking noise, the greatsword shattered, and the entire body of the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier began to fissure. While that was proof that it was being cornered by extraordinary beings, it was also the impetus for the Giant Soldier to revise its fighting style.

Through the countless cracks formed throughout its body, it began to shine, and in the next moment, aiming in every direction with quite literally no blind spots, a rain of light―― nay, an undodgeable mist of light was unleashed.

Supposing its nature was that of raindrops, then the Sword Saint, the Blue Lightning, the Admirer would all be able to evade it.

But, in the case it was that of particles of mist, then even those transcendent beings would have trouble evading.

Therefore――,

Wise Emperor: [――Yang Sword, Vollachia.] Sun Princess: [――Yang Sword, Vollachia.] King of Thorns: [――Yang Sword, Vollachia.]

One point in the sky and two points on the ground; for a total of three points, the treasured swords of crimson, which had increased their radiance, birthed a wall of flame. By means of a scintillating flame that scorched anything it made contact with, the misty drizzle of light that gouged out anything it made contact with was painted over.

They had defended against the Witch’s destruction, however, the fissures throughout the body of the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier expanded, and just as a snake would shed its old skin, the Giant Soldier exfoliated a purple gleam, and its radiance grew a level deeper.

As to not allow the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier to fire off its next move, an undulation of power differing from that of the Yang Sword spread out―― slowly, as if giant unseen fists were being drawn out of the ground, the buildings that made up the cityscape of the Imperial Capital rose out of the ground; ten, twenty, nearing a total of one-hundred, they surrounded the Giant Soldier.

The one who had done that, was the heavenly maiden who was holding the Sun Princess with one arm, and directing the other towards the Giant Soldier――,

Heavenly Maiden: [I, am the princess’s dog.]

Sun Princess: [A splendid attitude to possess.]

Immediately after, the maelstrom of buildings swirled, storming towards the body of the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier as if to sink its teeth into it.

In response to that tempest, the Giant Soldier reached out and grabbed a Magic Crystal pillar in each of its arms, and taking a dual-wielding stance of greatswords, its colossal body began to rapidly gyrate above the waist―― it performed a sword dance of destruction, ruination, and pulverization.

As an exceedingly mighty sword dance, it not only cleared away the onslaught of buildings, but also became a tornado permeating with the mist of light, attempting a triumphant return to the Imperial Capital of Lupugana.

Wise Emperor: [Just how many times in this day am I to witness the end of this world?]

Before the unimaginable storm of swords, the Wise Emperor heaved a sigh, however, moving forward with his sable gaze not the slightest bit deterred, he put his blade against the gale devastating the Imperial Capital, the Empire, and the entire world.

Simultaneously, the blades of the Sun Princess and the King of Thorns overlapped with the Wise Emperor’s aim, and together, they brought the tempest of swords to a halt.

Wise Emperor: [――Hk.]

Blood spilling from his lips as he grit his teeth, the Wise Emperor took on the burden of splendor as he held his ground. Appearing before the two who had similarly defended against the sword storm, the resonance of light and power began to engulf the tempest of swords in flames.

The tornado clad in violet light was scorched by the flame of the Yang Sword, and gradually shifted in color. The droplets of mist within the blade maelstrom began to spark, and before long it was transformed into a pillar of fire tall enough to pierce the heavens.

It was superb to the utmost degree. To think such a thing could be accomplished by the incomplete Yang Sword, unable to display its true value――,

Wise Emperor: [――――]

Tightly grasping the Yang Sword, the Wise Emperor narrowed his eyes at the rising pillar of fire. He stood before the brilliant blaze of flame, the force of its fire having strengthened by a noticeable amount.

He had done so while fully understanding that in the midst of battle, halting one’s legs and diverting one’s attention to the act of thinking was a foolish deed.

Immediately afterwards――,

???: [――Love me.]

The scorched sword tempest of light was perforated, and the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier, without any time for respite, jumped out. The brandish of the Giant Soldier’s greatsword was parried by the kick of a tall geta .

A beat later, basking in the resultant gust of wind, and switching over to a brilliant manner of beauty and dance as she waved the hem of her kimono mid-air, was the Flamboyant, harboring a flame in one of her eyes.

Flamboyant: [――――]

Still targeting the Flamboyant, who was unable to move in the midst of the air, the Giant Soldier attempted to scythe upwards with the greatsword opposite to the one that had been parried. However, that too, would not connect.

King of Thorns: [I shan’t allow thee to lay hands upon Mine Star so easily.]

The intervening King of Thorns swept the Flamboyant into his arms, and receiving the attack head-on with the vertical stance of his Yang Sword, he blazingly cut through the blade of the greatsword.

The after story to “Iris and the King of Thorns”, resurrected in the present day; as a result of that, the tip of the greatsword bounced off the ground, damaging the Imperial Capital as it flew from north to south.

Immediately after their attention had been turned to the south of the Imperial Capital―― a white light beamed north through the city.

???: [――――PREAHHHHHH!]

In the southern sky, flapping its white wings, the Dragon, clad in the very essence of an overcast sky, roared.

Disregarding the values of life and death, the Cloud Dragon who only fought for the sake of their beloved changed sides, sent forth a breath in opposition to the ruination.

Taking that head-on, the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier was knocked back a great deal. Being pushed back, the Giant Soldier thrust its sharp feet into the street and held its ground; resonating with the remaining Magic Crystal pillar, a shrill noise was produced as the pillar was shattered into countless small swords, and they began to set up a formation of swords as to protect the Giant Soldier in a manner similar to the white cloth from earlier.

Even now, the Witch’s, the Great Disaster’s will to fight had yet to relent. In that case, the same could be said for this side.

Wise Emperor: [――――]

Present at the absolute center of the Vollachian Empire’s all-out war, the Wise Emperor slightly directed his attention outside.

Even if he was limited in ability, even if he was aware that he was a weak individual who would easily be blown away, the figure of a man who could not stop himself from participating in situations where others were risking their lives was nowhere to be seen.

Wise Emperor: [No matter the case, it is likely that you have also gone and thrown yourself into a reckless battle.]

Placing a certain sort of trust and expectation into his words, the Wise Emperor heightened the radiance of his treasured sword, and as he glared at the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier brimming with insidiousness, he stepped forth.

Wise Emperor: [Advance, O Generals of mine selection. ――In the eyes of the Great Disaster, we are naught more than inconsequential garbage.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Natsuki Subaru and Spica faced off against the Witch, Sphinx.

As Subaru and Spica strove to seize the soul of the vindictive and tenacious Witch, Al’s mission was to keep the enemy at bay so as to prevent any interference.

Al: [Ah, bring it on! Nobody’s gonna beat me or the Princess!]

Spurring himself on while roaring thus, Al continued to swing his improvised dao.

Behind Al, Sphinx was seated with her back against the wall, and flumped before her with his legs crossed was Subaru, who remained facing her head-on.

What Subaru was attempting to do in cooperation with Spica was an idea beyond the pale even for Al.

Hearing of the terrible idea of relying on the Authority of Gluttony had made Al question their sanity, but in fact, discerning that Subaru would be able to do it, Priscilla had ordered them to proceed.

If that was what would lead to the future, then Al would support them to his utmost. And ensure that it was achieved.

???: [Ul Goa.]

From above Al’s head, Roswaal flying freely across the sky rained down fire.

Though it was not the highest level of magic, casting that much magic in rapid succession was no ordinary feat. However, even his extraordinary magical prowess was unable to overwhelm the opponent he was presently attempting to restrain.

???: [Ul Huma.]

Countering the pouring rain of fire, was a barrage of water that had been shot into the sky from the ground.

In terms of number and effective range, both being the world’s top-class users, this was magical warfare at a level rarely seen in modern times――The Magician and the Witch had each turned the world into their ally, double-crossed it, and used it against each other wantonly.

Though Priscilla had vociferously asserted her presence, that all the Witches had been drawn to her like moths to a flame was not the case. Some of the Witches, realizing that the Yang Sword was not the only thing they needed to fear, had joined in this juncture.

However――,

???: [If that’s how it is, so be it, in fact!]

With the appearance of a young girl and the movements of an athlete, Beatrice, with her right eye aflame, had cast Yin magic.

Instantly, her upraised hands birthed a pale purple haze over the whole area, slowing down the movements of the attacking Witches as well as the undead that, lacking self-awareness, had impulsively charged forth upon her command.

With great vigor, Al took advantage of that nice assist from Beatrice.

Al: [Your stars were bad!]

The exquisite magic control weakened the enemy, bestowing a period of invincibility solely upon Al. As he beheaded the pitiable undead one after the other, at Beatrice who had supported him, Al winked through his helmet.

That very moment, at the wink that should not have been visible to her, Beatrice had a change of expression.

Beatrice: [This is bad, I suppose!]

At her words, Al turned around with a “Huh?”, and saw something―― a massive fragment with a purple glow, in the scale of tens of meters, hurtling towards them as it skipped across the ground.

Al had no idea that this was the tip of the great sword wielded by the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier that Priscilla and the others were fighting, which had been slashed off. What he did know, was that a direct hit from that fragment, would result in Al along with Subaru and the others behind him altogether becoming minced meat――,

Al: [Must――]

Escape with Subaru and the others from the trajectory of the flying fragment.

How many attempts would be needed, he did not know, and neither did he have the time to make such an estimation. Everything was more of trial and error at the precipice of life and death rather than empty theory.

Al: [Update matrix , thought experiment――]

???: [――Don’t’cha give up jus’ like that!!]

A moment later, a powerful arm plunged into the fragment that looked as if it were passing by Al, intercepting it.

A roar and torrential wind escaped behind him, but the flying debris was held in place. The one to perform such a deed was Garfiel, clacking his sharp canine teeth together.

Garfiel: [Sorry for bein’ late, Beatrice! Captain…]

Beatrice: [You did well meeting us, in fact! Protecting Subaru and Spica is our win condition, I suppose.]

Garfiel: [Yes ma’am! I get that loud n’ clear! Just like, “If ya whisper of love, follow in the example of the King of Thorns.”]

Kicking at the huge piece of debris that he had stopped, Garfiel punched his fists together in front of his chest. Garfiel also had his eyes, not figuratively but literally, burning and his whole body was filled with vigor in response to his will to fight.

???: [――Retreat: Required.]

A quiet voice announced the Witch’s entry into the battle, and Al and the others looked up to see a scene of swirling lights in the sky. It was as if the vortex of light had some kind of gravitational pull, with the surrounding buildings and debris floating up, being swallowed by the vortex, and then crushed and turned into specks of light.

The power of destruction was felt in the specks of light themselves, and all it needed was the Witch to speak, and they would raise the ground――,

???: [――Halibel-sama, please would you, kindly.] ???: [Sure thing. Always happy ta help a hardworkin’ girl.]

Suddenly, two different voices were heard, and in the next moment, a kimono -clad cannonball―― no, deergirl, flew by.

The girl spun herself in the air and kicked the Witch’s back just as the latter was on the verge of making the specks of light rain down, the momentum and force of the kick shattering the poor Witch in half.

Halibel: [Yep yep, that’s a great feat. With a girl like ya, the future of the Empire’ll be in good hands.]

Her momentum unhalted, the girl was about to fly into the vortex of light but was saved in the nick of time by the jet-black wolfman.

With a quick piercing hand he neutralized the vortex of light the Witch had prepared, and with the same hand the wolfman softly caught the girl before he landed to the ground.

That the wolfman who had thrown the girl was the same one who had caught her, led to some confusion.

Al: [A new monster has joined the fray! A Cecilus-type!?]

Halibel: [Can’t deny that, but that’s an unpleasant way of classifyin’ me.]

Girl: [It has been a while. I am sorry to be presumptuous, Cecilus-sama and Halibel-sama are so different in their nature that it would be disrespectful. ――Why don’t we protect Schwartz-sama?]

Al: [Oh, yeah. You’re quick on the uptake! And I’ll definitely welcome strong guys. Let’s protect Bro together!]

Halibel: [Yea. Looks like we’re almost at the endgame, n’ it looks like we even received this boon.]

A girl in a kimono , who had previously been met in the Demon City―― Tanza, greeted the wolfman Halibel. Both of them had Priscilla’s blessing in their eyes as a flame, which was very encouraging.

Additionally――,

Beatrice: [I don’t know where this came from or from who, but we just received the perfect gift, in fact.]

Saying this, Beatrice touched a huge piece of debris with her small palm.――The rubble that Garfiel had stopped was not just a piece of rubble, but a block of Magic Crystal stone.

Beatrice disassembled it into Mana in one swoop, and about a hundred swords made of amethyst crystals appeared all around her at once, a dance of swords initiating with the upwards movement of her hand.

Beatrice: [Betty will use her abundant Mana in this way, I suppose. You guys, if so much as a scratch is left on Subaru, you’ll be mercilessly punished, in fact.]

Tanza: [If that does happen, I will be the one to deliver Beatrice-sama’s punishment!]

Upon seeing sparkles from Beatrice and Tanza’s gazes meeting, Al shrugged.

――It seemed like Subaru’s unharmed state should also be included in the updated matrix’s conditions.

△▼△▼△▼△

Thus, protected by Al and the others, Subaru was engaged in the utmost extremity of concentration.

He was not unconscious, nor was he in a dream. Nevertheless, the battle unfolding in his vicinity was outside the realm of his consciousness, and his consciousness itself was not within the Imperial Capital.

At the present moment, the whereabouts of the existence known as Natsuki Subaru resided not in the war-torn Imperial Capital, but instead in a world of white, where none were present save himself, Spica, who was holding his hand, and Sphinx, who was facing the two of them directly.

――It was a space that could easily be mistaken for that Hall of Memories.

Subaru: [For me, I guess it’s mainly a place of bad memories.]

It was the place to which he had once arrived without meaning to, the place where his Memories had been devoured against his will.

The memories of giving Emilia and Beatrice a thoroughly difficult time, and of putting Ram and Julius into a state beyond repair, were still fresh in his mind.

Above all, this was the place where “Natsuki Subaru” had no choice but to disappear.

Subaru: [But, that’s exactly why I can be here in my entirety.]

Spica: [Uu?]

Subaru: [You don’t need to know about this place. As far as you’re concerned, it’s quite a bit of a mess. And that’s fine.]

Smiling at Spica’s puzzled expression, Subaru proceeded to take a deep breath.

A white, tranquil space; the reason why Subaru was facing Spica and Sphinx in this place, was not because they were all companions whose names began with the letter S.

It was because all of them harbored a deep connection with the “self” whom they were not, and had thus wanted to converse as mutuals with no outsiders present.

Sphinx: [Sphinx, is the name of a monster that was in my creator’s knowledge.]

Subaru: [Hm? Ah, the derivation of your name.]

Sphinx: [Indeed. If my creator’s desires had been realized from the beginning, I would have ended up going by the name Echidna. Since that did not happen, the need arose for a different name.]

Directly facing him, Sphinx told Subaru about her name’s origin in a surprisingly calm manner.

The Sphinx―― as Subaru knew it, was a monster with the body of a lion and the head of a man. Guardian of the pyramids, Subaru did have the impression that it was good at giving riddles.

Subaru: [Four legs in the morning, two legs at noon, and three legs in the evening… Do you know what that would be?]

Sphinx: [――? Would it not be a monster? Or a shape-shifting monster, perhaps.]

Subaru: [You’d think so. By the way, the answer is actually a human.]

When he told them the clichéd riddle, both Sphinx and Spica frowned. It was as if to say they were not satisfied with that answer, but he would have liked to direct their complaints to the other Sphinx who had devised the riddle.

In any case――,

Subaru: [Thanks for telling me that. In exchange, I have something I want to show you as well.]

Sphinx: [You want to show me something?]

Subaru: [Yeah. ――Although I’m not sure if you’ll be happy with it.]

After prefacing that, Subaru smiled faintly and then glanced at Spica. As if to allay Subaru’s apprehensions, she lifted her hand, still holding on to his, and gave an “Uu!”.

This was Spica’s yell of encouragement, saying she had come to terms with her own “self” a step ahead of Subaru.

――When one closed their eyes in the Hall of Memories, they could strongly smell their own scent.

It was just something he had heard, but apparently memory and smell were closely intertwined. Many memories were associated with smell, so that may have been why the Hall of Memories gave such an impression.

In any case, following his own scent as he walked through the faux Hall of Memories, Subaru tried to slowly reel in that which was uncertain, and bring it to that which was certain.

Amidst his many Return by Death attempts, Olbart, who had lost both arms, apologized that it would be difficult to undo the infantilization with a casual tone of voice―― So instead of an apology, Subaru sought instruction.

His vessel and soul were eager to return to normal. Thus, all that remained was to let scent guide his way.

If he could do that――,

Subaru: [――My name is Natsuki Subaru. Throughout Heaven and Earth, the one and only broke beyond compare.]

Indeed, the voice, which was cracking foolish jokes, became a little deeper and lower. His eye level changed, and the feel of Spica’s hand in his grip suddenly became smaller.

However, it was the opposite of that. Spica did not shrink. ――Subaru, had changed.

Subaru: [――――]

A change intuitive. His soul had been in a constant state of trying to return to its own original form.

By means of the growing pains from his heart and soul going from child to adult, flowing through his nerves and veins, the deep emotion Subaru felt upon accomplishing that quite literally seeped into each and every cell in his body.

And thus, having regained his self in a sense absolute, Subaru went face-to-face with Sphinx once again―― nay, he went face-to-face with her for the very first time.

Sphinx: [――Nice to meet you, Natsuki Subaru.]

Intuiting Subaru’s intentions, Sphinx, having observed his transformation, spoke greetings upon their first meeting. Upon hearing that, Subaru thought perhaps she was quite capable of talking things out after all.

With his restored mind, body, heart, and soul, Natsuki Subaru thought so.

Subaru: [But, we have to settle things nonetheless.]

Sphinx: [Indeed, that we must. ――Parting: Required.]

Subaru: […Why is that?]

Sphinx: [What do you mean, why?]

Subaru: [Why, did you try to do everything all on your own?]

That was Subaru’s honest question.

The Witch, Sphinx, had given rise to the Great Disaster to destroy the Vollachian Empire, toying with many lives, carrying out a mountain of deeds that were likely inexcusable. But, had it truly been necessary for her to do so?

If Sphinx’s purpose lay only in the reproduction of her creator―― the Witch of Greed, then.

Subaru: [There must have been different ways that you could have gone about it. You ended up picking the wrong one. If only you hadn’t done that, we could have…]

Sphinx: [Are you suggesting that we could have avoided fighting? That would not have been possible. Reconsideration: Required.]

Subaru: [Why not!?]

Sphinx: [Because there was a motive other than the reproduction of my creator, certainly present within myself.]

Looking down at herself, Sphinx smiled faintly as she proclaimed a definite distinction.

That smile, perceiving it as proof that Sphinx was celebrating her very own sense of self, Subaru could no longer oppose her standpoint.

But, at the same time, Natsuki Subaru definitely, clearly located it.

Spica: [Uau.]

Subaru: [Yeah, I know. ――Thanks, Spica.]

Spica called out to Subaru, as he bit his lip. She probably would have liked to react to Subaru returning to his original size, but she endured that, and had thoroughly concentrated.

He wished to respond to those feelings. ――Even if he had to go to Hell to do so.

Subaru: [――Sphinx.]

Sphinx: [What is it? No matter what you say or do, I――]

Subaru: [ Happy Birthday .]

As he declared so, he touched Sphinx, the latter’s eyes having widened due to the unfamiliar congratulations.

And then――,

△▼△▼△▼△

Basking in the wind which carried a pleasant evening fragrance, Priscilla gave her cheers to existence itself.

She had been elated by the symposium between Sphinx, who, using the mechanisms of the Crystal Palace Meteor, had gone berserk with the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier she had uplifted, and the Generals, who had been assembled by Vincent. [1]

She wished to continue beholding it, as a dream that one would not wake up from, as a program that would not come to a close, as a story with no “ endhing ”.

However, since that childish “ iigo ” was not appropriate for the curtain falling on this battle――,

Priscilla: [In a manner most befitting, it is I who shall lower the curtain.]

Saying that, Priscilla let go of Arakiya’s hand as they flew above the clouds, and began falling through the sky.

Plummeting straight downwards, Priscilla returned the Yang Sword to the sheath of the sky, and basking in the setting sun with her arms spread out, she closed her eyes.

Even if she could not see them, the souls of those with whom she had shared the flame of her soul were transmitted to her as if whispered intimacies from the world.

Arakiya, clad in bands of light, repelled the Witch’s magic, and the Dragon, covered in armor of cumulus, contained her so that the damage would not spread outside of the city. Standing harmoniously with the husband she had reunited with, Yorna was busy smashing up the ground in a radical expression of love, having no qualms about sharing in her daughter’s eye.

And, as an incompetent older brother, the Vollachian Emperor, Vincent Vollachia――,

Vincent: [Tardy.]

With a brief utterance, he undauntedly looked up at the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier with his sable eyes. The Giant Soldier raised its two Magic Crystal greatswords overhead, and was about to attempt cutting down the apex of the Empire along with the entire Imperial Capital.

Thereupon, from behind Vincent came Lightning, piercing through――,

???: [――Bear witness, Observers of the heavens above. Witness the choices the world shall… nay! Witness as it chooses me!]

Two streaks, one the white gleam of a blade, and the other a black light of severance; the flash of blades capable of severing the light of stars and the logic of curses bolted through the sky.

With that, the omen of the Imperial Capital’s devastation, the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier had its arms lopped off from its shoulders. With a thunderous tremor and eruption of smoke, the brilliance of the Magic Crystals was reduced to dust, the flash of the Dream Sword and Fiend Sword severing their existence.

Even so, the Giant Soldier, having lost its arms, yet wielded the countless swords floating in its vicinity, and was attempting to prune the defiant will of the Empire.

Of course, that aim also included the falling Priscilla.

???: [――Priscilla Barielle.]

Enough to paint over the hue of the sky, the light of ruination forcibly shone through her eyelids. Sensing that it was approaching herself, Priscilla opened her eyes, and reached her hands out to her left and right sides.

The next instant, Priscilla caught the Yang Swords of the Wise Emperor and the King of Thorns in her right and left hands respectively, and with a swing of the twin swords, she scorched the Witch’s Magic Crystal swords to naught in one fell swoop. The swords, bursting into flames in a chain reaction, swirled about the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier, blanketing the sky in a crimson curtain of flame.

Priscilla: [――――]

For a moment, Priscilla’s figure disappeared from everybody’s sight―― the figure of the Sun Princess perforated the curtain of flame, and shot directly towards the sealed Magic Crystal bud within the Giant Magic Crystal Soldier’s head.

It was an act accomplished thanks to the three Yang Swords―― riding upon her own Yang Sword, which had been launched out of the sheath of the sky, Priscilla soared with the Yang Swords of her brother and forefather in hand.

――The Yang Sword upon which Priscilla rode, its tip thrust into the Magic Crystal bud, tearing through the closed flower petals, made its way inside.

???: [――Priscilla Barielle.]

That instant, the barrage of light orbs, intended to intercept her, was cleared away by the King of Thorns’s Yang Sword.

As flame enshrouded her field of vision, Priscilla stepped down onto the floor and advanced.

???: [――Priscilla Barielle.]

Simultaneously, stepping past the flames which enshrouded her vision, Sphinx rushed forth, sword of light in hand.

The two met gazes, and Priscilla burned away her opponent’s sword with the Wise Emperor’s Yang Sword.

Sphinx: [――Priscilla Barielle.]

Eyes burning with fury, Sphinx had called out her name many times, to which Priscilla smiled. Perceiving that smile within her vision, Sphinx leaped backwards, and readied her two hands.

Birthing ten blades of light upon her fingers, she rampaged about within the bud; reflecting irregularly off of the inside of the Magic Crystals, a kaleidoscope of Death gleamed with beauty.

At the chaotic and emotional scintillation, Priscilla raised both her hands towards the heavens.

Then, gripping the treasured sword protruding beyond her outstretched hands――,

Sphinx: [――PRISCILLA BARIELLE!]

Priscilla: [That, is mine name.]

Within the sonorous bellow of that voice, there was a certain heat, tinged with enmity. Thereupon, Priscilla swung down the brilliantly dazzling Yang Sword.

――The flash of scintillating flame, that light reminiscent of sunrise or daybreak, of a new dawn, ardently shone upon her life. As the interior of the Magic Crystal bud was illuminated, it began to bloom.

That was to say, the sprouting of a soul――,

Priscilla: [You ought stand proud, Sphinx.]

Sphinx: [――――]

Priscilla: [As none other than your very self, you have fulfilled the role of mine enemy. ――It is a great service.]

Adjusting her posture after swinging the Yang Sword, Priscilla spoke thus to Sphinx, who stood before her. Receiving that, Sphinx narrowed her black eyes, and,

Sphinx: […Despite having failed to succeed, is that so?]

Priscilla: [A matter of course. Just whom do you take mineself for?]

Scoffing at the question, Priscilla responded so.

At her answer, Sphinx lowered the edges of her eyebrows, and heaving a sigh with an expression that had lost its sternness,

Sphinx: [Priscilla Barielle. ――The fated foe of myself, the Great Disaster, Sphinx.]

As a being who had found meaning in her existence differing from the original reason for which she had been created, she smiled.

――That was the conclusion between the Sun Princess, Priscilla Barielle, and the Great Disaster, Sphinx.

△▼△▼△▼△

Once, before, she had nearly perished.

At that time, too, there had been an objective she had been unable to fulfill, however, she accepted with equanimity that things would come to an end without her achieving it; as calm as night would be as it received the setting sun, her inner feelings were of no value.

With that in mind, what about now?

???: [Just like before, I am disappearing without fulfilling my wish, and yet――]

Her heart was like that of a child, eagerly yearning not for the setting sun, but for dawn, daybreak, the rising sun; she could feel it beating within her body devoid of pulsations, alight with a definite “ardor”.

And thus, that was undoubtedly the true nature of the foul “ardor” that had radiated within the eyes of the cold, parched monster that had been bound to that place for decades; she had been taught so.

???: [Thank you. For teaching me who I am. ――Gratitude: Required.]

Her undefined, uncertain, and ambiguous self was established as “herself”, and even though that was quite far removed from what she had initially thought she had to become, she was not against it.

Once again, it would be stated. This existence, born as a monster, was no substitute for the Witch of Greed.

And so, now that she was disappearing without having fulfilled her desire, a desire that was hers and hers alone, she spoke thus.

???: [――Ahh, how frustrating.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Sphinx.]

As Subaru called out her name, Spica, having touched her soul, devoured her way of being.

The moment Star Eating had been activated, welling up within Subaru was a peaceful sense of satisfaction and accomplishment, along with a feeling of loneliness. It was, perhaps, something close to the kind of loneliness felt at the end of a dinner filled with laughter.

Truly fulfilling, and yet just a tiny bit unsatisfying; it was that kind of moment.

???: [――――]

He had congratulated her on being born as her own individual life, and with that same mouth, he had helped devour her.

However, that was not out of hatred. Neither was it that he wanted to make her suffer, nor dishearten her. There was just no other way for this to be settled.

The resolution between Subaru’s group and Sphinx, this, was the only way it could be.

Spica: [Uu!]

With a rustling sound, Sphinx was turning to dust as she disappeared. As Subaru witnessed her demise, Spica, who had helped him to bring it about, called out to him.

To Spica, too, words of gratitude and appreciation were in order.

Subaru: [Besides, now that the enemy’s top brass is no more, Abel and the others will also――]

At the moment he said that, and was about to stand up, it happened.

???: [――Subaru.]

The voice, unexpectedly heard, ignored Subaru’s eardrums and cranium, and resonated directly within his brain.

That had always been the case. That beautiful voice of a silver bell, had always laid Natsuki Subaru bare. And, having made the exposed Subaru turn around, it had brought the urge to burst into tears alongside.

Subaru: [――――]

As Subaru stood up and turned around, unable to speak, the red evening glow illuminated his eyes. That sunset, which had brought with it the afterglow of victory, had now become a hindrance. ――For within that light, there was a face he longed to see.

Her long silver hair, resembling the dew drops of a night sky’s moon, her eyes of amethyst, the most beautiful jewel in the world; from the top of her head to the tips of her toes, there was not one bit that he did not find lovely.

Spica: [Uau.]

Subaru was almost in tears from the impulse that had welled up within him, and Spica, who had let go of his hand, patted him on the back.

With the touch of that palm providing the impetus and the courage, Subaru broke out into a run.

Passing by Al as he gave him a thumbs up, being seen off by Halibel as he puffed his tobacco smoke, patting the shoulder of Garfiel as he bawled his eyes out in Subaru’s stead, poking the cheek of Beatrice as she held back her urge to jump onto him, giving a wry smile to Tanza as she characteristically deeply bowed her head, he was then covered by Roswaal, who had descended from the sky, taken off his jacket, and draped it over him.

Roswaal: [Subaru-kun, aren’t you compleeetly~ naked?]

Having grown back to his original size, Subaru’s clothes from his childlike state no longer fit. Had this been his original world, he would have lacked the clothes needed to go buy clothes.

But, this was not his original world, this was another world, one in which Subaru now lived.

???: [Suba――]

The girl who had broken into a jog to rush over to him from the other direction had tried to open her mouth, but Subaru, without slowing down, went ahead and embraced her outright, rendering her silent.

With his arms now at their proper original size, tightly hugging her slender body――,

Subaru: [――EMT.]

Emilia: […Idiot.]

Subaru had embraced her head-on, and Emilia, having been surprised slightly, smiled knowing that there was no helping it.

Of course, he had also been elated for their reunion in the Vollachian Empire. Being able to touch her again after having been separated, Subaru had keenly felt the depth of his feelings for her from the bottom of his heart.

But, as expected, this was different. ――Now, in mind, body, and soul, this was Natsuki Subaru.

Emilia: [Welcome back, Subaru.]

Subaru: [Yeah. ――I’m back, Emilia-tan.]

Thus spoke Emilia, who had perceived that same fulfillment of Subaru’s soul.

And then, in the distance beyond the two sharing in the joy of their reunion, the Crystal Palace dazzlingly burst into flames.

――For the Great Disaster of the Vollachian Empire, which had gone on for a long, long time, that had been the closing ceremony.

Translation Notes:

[1] – The Symposium is a philosophical text by Plato dated c. 385–380 BC. It concerns itself at one level with the genesis, purpose and nature of love, and (in later day interpretations) is the origin of the concept of Platonic love. Love is examined in a sequence of speeches by men attending a symposium, or drinking party. Each man must deliver an encomium, a speech in praise of Love. The party takes place at the house of the tragedian Agathon in Athens. Essentially Tappei is likening the final battle between Sphinx and the Empire as a banquet in which everybody is making a display of their own love.

--- Curtain’s Close: Priscilla Barielle ---

△▼△▼△▼△

Human Translated By:

Machine Translated By:

Proofread By:

Japanese to English Checking By:

Art Sources

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

――The Great Disaster averted, the Sacred Vollachian Empire had at last escaped ruin.

With the Imperial Capital at its center, the hosts of undead that had been deployed throughout the entire Empire had lost their leadership, and fell apart; as they scattered and fled, the battle approached its curtain’s close. However, though their commander, Sphinx, was no more, though the Mana that had been provided to the Sacrament of the Immortal King by the Stone had been severed, until they were granted death once more, the resurrected undead still struggled onward with the entirety of their new lives.

Albeit the struggle against the Great Disaster had concluded in this manner, the scars it had been left behind would never disappear.

It was quite possible that, from here on out within the Vollachian Empire, the undead that had managed to escape would frequently cause trouble. Even without that, even with the war itself having ended, everything that had been influenced by it would never truly be put right once and for all.

Naturally, the towns and regions that had become warfronts, and the people and things that had become casualties, would all need to be verified so that they could be processed and returned to their pre-war state.

And sadly, things such as “heroic reveries” were of no use to the post-war recovery.

???: [So, it’s unexpectedly true that I’ve got nothing to do…]

???: [――What was that? Do you have complaints towards mineself?]

???: [It’s not that I’m complaining, it’s just, like, a strange feeling?]

As Subaru grumbled that out, walking alongside him was a beautiful woman―― Priscilla, the words he had directed towards her having been carefully selected. In response to Subaru’s reply, she used a fan she held to cover her lips, a small “Hmph” slipping from her mouth.

To that response, one he was well-accustomed to, Subaru tilted his head in wonder as he walked alongside her.

――Presently, the place in which Subaru and Priscilla were walking together, was within the walls of the Fortified City of Garkla.

The greatest fortress within the Empire, its ramparts had become extensively damaged by the advance of the undead hordes, with the citizenry and army unquestioningly working day and night to move forward the repair work. To walk alongside Priscilla in such a cityscape, it was a strange happenstance.

Both Subaru and Priscilla had been participants at the battleground of the Imperial Capital of Lupugana in the decisive bout against the Great Disaster, Sphinx, and it was their anxiety for the wellbeing of those that they had left behind, and the disastrous spectacle of the Imperial Capital, unfit for settlement, that had prompted their return to this city.

Priscilla: [The Crystal Palace, once extolled as the most beautiful in the world, is now naught but ash, and the water yet contained within the reservoir still threatens to cascade forth and sweep away the city. As things stand, it shall take a century to restore the Imperial Capital.]

Subaru: [Things there were on a pretty huge scale … hold on a sec, should the person responsible for turning the Palace into ash really be saying that?]

Priscilla: [As soon as it began to rampage as a golem, even without mine actions being enacted, the recovery of its Palace form was no longer a possibility. As such, mineself used it as a ceremonial flame to herald their send-off, for they had fully carried out the role of Great Disaster.]

Subaru: [――A ceremonial bonfire for Sphinx, huh.]

Priscilla responded calmly, and as Subaru thought about the enemy, Sphinx, he cast his eyes downward.

This was not something that anyone who participated in the battle against the Great Disaster could say, but at the very end, in order to activate the effects of Spica’s Star Eating, Subaru had faced off against Sphinx directly.

At that moment, Subaru and Sphinx had laid their souls bare to one another.

That was probably why. Subaru could not hate Sphinx, and regard her as evil from the bottom of his heart. At least, she was not an unforgivable enemy like the Sin Archbishops, that was what he felt.

And it was something similar to this, which he thought Priscilla may have felt――.

Priscilla: [It was a truly magnificent pillar of flame. After all, it is truly elating to see something burn.]

Subaru: [Nah, what if it’s just that you like to burn things!?]

Priscilla: [My, so noisy. Do not suddenly use such a loud voice. That is very much like Al, is it not?]

At first glance, it sounded like an insult, but Priscilla’s lips were curled into a smile as she spoke. It was a difficult relationship to grasp, but she cared about her Knight, Al, in her own way.

That much could not be questioned after the reunion of Priscilla and Al at the Imperial Capital.

Subaru: [And, on that note, Al wouldn’t want to be separated from you, so where is he right now?]

Priscilla: [It is as you say. As he did not wish to be separated from mineself, he was ordered to be a servant. At this time, he should be working hard as he salivates for mine praise. Just like you, who is head over heels for the half-devil.]

Subaru: [I can’t and won’t deny it, but I feel bad for how Al is being used…]

???: [――Priscilla-sama!]

Hearing a voice say “Oh”, Subaru raised his eyebrows, and with a small run across the opposite side of the street, a small boy―― Schult’s figure came into his sight. The small boy in shorts and a butler’s outfit was breathing heavily, coming to a sudden halt in front of Priscilla, and,

Schult: [Um, Priscilla-sama, thank goodness you are safe, that is the most important thing! I am… I really am, so… waahhh…]

Priscilla: [A child should not be concerned with such foolish trifles. If you are worried about mineself, then be so with dignity.]

Saying this, Prisicilla embraced Schult, who had come to a halt, the young boy’s head becoming buried in her breasts. Rather than a metaphor, the statement that he was buried in her breasts was a fact, so it felt like looking at a difference in biological species rather than a difference in gender.

Like Al, Schult was one of Priscilla’s servants, and he had been truly worried about her return from the Imperial Capital, his face turning red as he melted into her touch.

In fact, for him to be this delighted at the return of the Imperial Capital group―― the Rescue the Vollachian Empire from Destruction Squad, it had been worth hastening the dragon carriage for their return.

Subaru: [It was also worth it since as soon as I reunited with Patrasche in this form, she immediately hit me…]

Schult: [Natsuki-sama, I was hoping that you could convey my thanks to Emily-sama! Also, I would like to help Priscilla-sama more, so I wish to hear the secret behind how you grew up so fast!]

Subaru: [I’d love to see Emilia-tan’s smug face when she receives as much gratitude as possible, but my rapid growth is a cheat technique. If you go down the normal route but grow quickly, then I think you might die from the growing pains.]

Priscilla: [Regardless, you need not recklessly grow any taller. Stay the way you are for the time being.]

Schult: [Uuu, I am caught between a rock and a hard place…]

Caught between his own wishes and the desire of his master, Schult’s anguish was plain to see on his face as he was caught between these competing ideals. Subaru, understanding his feelings towards Priscilla which could not be attached to just deep affection or admiration, sympathized with his anguish.

Subaru: [Well, even if I sympathize with you, I can’t give you any advice !]

Priscilla: [Rather than a fool, you are a pitiful man. Schult, are you walking by yourself?]

Schult: [No, that is not the case! I was with Utakata-sama and all the Shudraqians, so I…]

In the middle of Priscilla’s breasts, the buried Schult glanced behind him. Following the lead of this glance, he discovered a recognizable, sour-faced man―― Heinkel.

Subaru was aware that he had come to the Empire, and that he had contributed to fighting against the Great Disaster, but.

Subaru: [Schult, that old man isn’t bullying you, is he?]

Schult: [That is not the case! Heinkel-sama is a kind personage!]

Subaru: [That’s definitely a lie.]

Spreading false perceptions, even regarding close associates, was sub-optimal. Saying that Heinkel was kind, was like saying that Roswaal was a good and honest person.

In fact, even Heinkel seemed to be bitter about Schult’s evaluation.

Heinkel: [Pipsqueak, don’t say needless things. I’ll cast you away.]

Priscilla: [Do not utter such nonsense, commoner. It is for mineself to decide how Schult is handled. Rather, it is you who ought be afraid of being abandoned in the Empire.]

Heinkel: [Guh…! This time, I, against that… against, that, I…]

Priscilla: [Was of use? If you wish to boast so, at minimum you must speak clearly.]

Towards Heinkel’s frown and mumbling, Priscilla spoke with a bored look. She then turned Schult away from her chest, pushing him towards Heinkel.

Priscilla: [Schult, there are many people I must still visit. It is late. Do not stay up into the night.]

Schult: [I… I understand…! I feel somewhat unable to sleep, but I shall do my best to get some rest!]

To Schult, who was still excited, Priscilla nodded with a “Very well”. After that, she looked towards the one close to Schult, towards Heinkel, who was unable to speak.

Priscilla: [It was a great service, Heinkel Astrea.]

Heinkel: [Ah?]

Priscilla: [Your way of life is too unsightly to bear gaze upon, but the ability with the sword that you have forged is a worthy sight. Absolutely, even if you are never rewarded, you must never forget your diligence.]

Heinkel: […Though, whether I get rewarded or not is up to you, Miss Priscilla.]

Saying this, Heinkel turned away, roughly scratching at his red hair as he walked away.

To that distancing back, Subaru called out with an “Old man”, and,

Subaru: [I heard you saved Garfiel. ――You looked after my little bro.]

Heinkel: [――Keh.]

With his foul attitude, Heinkel walked away without stopping. Schult bowed his head, hurriedly chasing after his back after seeing them off, while Subaru shrugged towards Priscilla.

Subaru: [You didn’t give me a proper answer when I asked this before, but why are you with Reinhard’s dad?]

Priscilla: [There is no such person known as the father of another. It is a question I have no inclination to answer.]

Subaru: [Ugh… When you tell me that so straightforwardly, my chest begins to hurt.]

When Subaru clutched at his chest, Prisiclla poked at his head with her fan and said “Fool”. As Subaru rubbed at where he had been poked, Priscilla lightly stroked her chin.

Priscilla: [Well now, are you trying to bore mineself? Perform your duties as a jester well, Natsuki Subaru.]

Once again she called him by his name, yet for some reason, he had no desire to go against it.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Have the two of you come to engrave a frown onto my face while I am occupied?]

Thus asked Abel, brow as wrinkled as his words suggested, upon seeing Subaru and Priscilla arrive.

This room in the great fortress, albeit not sophisticated enough to call an office, had served as Abel’s workspace for a restless night of urgent planning in regards to postwar measures.

A great shift in tone from having brandished the Yang Sword along with Priscilla against the moving palace.

Subaru: [Man, it’s incredibly off-putting for you to be tough now. There’s no way we’d be able to have another catfight .]

Vincent: [I have never wished to partake in such bizarre rituals with you. If your purpose is to distract me with these trifles, exit at once.]

Subaru: [You say you want no distractions, but…]

Subaru glanced at the sofa beside the desk where the inhospitable Emperor tended to his task. There, Flop and Medium slept shoulder-to-shoulder in harmony.

The O’Connell siblings’ cozy reunion evoked a striking contrast next to the Emperor.

Subaru: [I don’t see you kicking those two out.]

Vincent: […They guarantee me further nuisances if I rouse them, that is why.]

Priscilla: [You do not disappoint with your pretexts, elder brother. Your leniency manifests in its full glory when faced with what is most precious. When you had allowed me to flee from the country, that too had been an act of love.]

Abel was silenced by Priscilla’s calm words, spoken as she fanned her face.

That could have been interpreted as a silence that would have emerged no matter what had been said, a silence that had emerged precisely because the words had hit the mark, or even both.

Subaru: [You siscon Emperor…]

Vincent: [Albeit I know not the meaning, I presume that those words of yours are the height of irreverence.]

Priscilla: [Cease with the empty threats. Due to the Great Disaster on this occasion, the Empire has forged far too many debts towards the Kingdom and the City-States. Especially towards the camp of Natsuki Subaru’s bunch, is that not so?]

Subaru: [Priscilla… it’s not my camp, it’s Emilia-tan’s.]

It was a rare follow-up on the part of Priscilla, but he had to firmly correct her on an important part. Priscilla returned a “You are quite well-trained” with an expression slightly taken aback, and Abel silently massaged his brow with his fingers.

“Woah”, uttered Subaru when he witnessed Abel proceed to close both eyes.

Vincent: [――What is the matter, Natsuki Subaru? Do you intend to pile up even more irreverence towards me?]

Subaru: [Nah, not this time. Not like I want trouble with you, and since you’re busy, I should just leave.]

Pouting his lips, Subaru did not point out the fact which he had noticed. He did not think Abel to be unaware of it, either. That was because the reason and impetus for that change, had occurred in a definite form.

And, it seemed that Subaru was not the only one who considered that a pleasant change.

Vincent: [I extend that to you, Priscilla. I have many matters due.]

Priscilla: [So you put the Empire above your dear sister? With a decade passed, have the scales within yourself finally come to a settlement, elder brother? If that is so…]

Vincent: [What?]

As Priscilla cut off her words, Abel made a slight frown. In front of Abel, Priscilla pinched the hem of her dress, and gave a deep bow where she stood.

And then――,

Priscilla: [――Seventy-Seventh Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, Your Excellency Vincent Vollachia. From the bottom of mine heart, I celebrate your ascendance to the throne.]

Vincent: [――――]

Priscilla: [To the utmost, laboriously endeavor to lead the pack of Sword Wolves. For the time being, the days bereft of respite shall only continue.]

Delivering words of congratulations with a serious expression, and then a warning with a bold smile, Priscilla spoke to her elder brother. At the attitude of his sister, whose tempo was as per her whims, Abel―― Vincent Vollachia heaved a sigh.

Then, glancing towards the O’Connell siblings, sleeping on the sofa with their shoulders pressed against each other,

Vincent: [Priscilla. ――In this entire world, only with you, sister mine, could I prescind from mistrust.]

Priscilla: [Ever so sinuous you are, brother mine, even in your confessions of love.]

Concealing a provocative smirk behind her noisily-opened fan, Priscilla interpreted Abel’s statement. Subaru found himself in total agreement with her.

If there was only one thing that a third party could add onto that――,

Subaru: [From my perspective, you two siblings resemble each other to an aggravating extent.]

And in saying so, Subaru took the brunt of those cognate siblings’ matching, unamused glares.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Were you speaking with His Excellency Vincent, Priscilla?]

Priscilla: [Hm, Dear Mother, is it?]

After having their fill of two kinds of sibling relationships within the Empire, one team Imperial Family and the other team merchant, Subaru and Priscilla ran into Yorna in a passageway of the fortress, along with Eugard, who was accompanying her.

It appeared that they were heading to Abel’s room, as if they had business to attend to with him.

Yorna narrowed her almond-shaped eyes, and fixedly gazed at Subaru and Priscilla. Subaru had thought that it was because she found this pairing to be unusual, but he was wrong.

Yorna: [It is only my first time seeing it, but I find it will be quite the challenge to get used to seeing you with your limbs lengthened like this, child.]

Subaru: […Ah! Now that you mention it, Yorna-san has only ever seen me in my cross-dressing and shota forms!?]

As the astounding truth emerged, Subaru was shocked at his own abundance of variation within the Empire. At Subaru’s shock, Yorna placed the back of her hand to her mouth, and while smiling,

Yorna: [Your Excellency, this personage is a Knight of the Kingdom. Until just the other day, he had been shrunken down to the form of a child, and during our first meeting together, he was in the form of a beautiful lady.]

Eugard: [Hm. For Mine Star to sanction such an appraisal of beauty in thyself, I shan’t say that mine interest hath not been piqued.]

Subaru: [No no not at all, please stop with that kind of stuff. Though, Natsumi Schwartz is a noble-minded lady who wouldn’t be embarrassed at showing herself off to anybody…]

Priscilla: [Although your skills are praiseworthy for a foolish commoner, your self-esteem is quite distorted.]

At Subaru’s answer, which tread the line between composed and passionate, Priscilla gave a comment in a fed-up manner. Afterwards, she casually turned her attention towards Abel’s room,

Priscilla: [For what reason are you visiting mine elder brother with the King of Thorns, Dear Mother?]

Eugard: [‘Tis because the time that remaineth for mineself is meager. Before that reacheth its terminus, I wish to discuss matters pertaining to the wishes of Mine Star with the child of mine own children.]

Subaru: [Time remaining…]

At Eugard’s response, Subaru looked towards Yorna, who looked pleased.

――Eugard was present here with Yorna with a natural attitude, but he was still one of the undead. Like Sphinx, his appearance was by no means inferior to that of the living, but that fact would not sway.

Eugard: [In all likelihood, mine newfound sense of satisfaction towards mine own life hath borne an influence upon mine appearance. As for mineself, rather than sharing in an embrace with Mine Star via a body in which heat doth not flow, this is much preferable.]

Priscilla: [Albeit it may be a linkage of soul rather than blood, you unashamedly boast of your love towards a mother right before her daughter. I suppose that is exactly what one would expect from the King of Thorns, but… what is this about mine Dear Mother’s wishes?]

Yorna: [――. It is in regards to the shackles upon my soul, endlessly invoking its reincarnation.]

The outline of Yorna’s quiet words was something which Subaru only knew of on a surface level.

Yorna was formerly a girl known as Iris who was bound to unending resurrection; each time she died, her soul would return to the surface without receiving the baptism of Od Lagna, and she would reincarnate into her next body.

Therefore, what Yorna desired from Abel for her contributions in the civil war and against the Great Disaster on this occasion, was――,

Yorna: [――I wish to repeal it. To annul the decree of extinction put out by the Empire in regards to the wolfpeople and the molepeople.]

Subaru: [Eh…]

Yorna: [All along, such had been my desire… Though, when I became a Divine General, I had prioritized acquiring the Demon City, so as to have a location to welcome my beloved children.]

Priscilla: [――I see. In order to bind your soul, Dear Mother, the two races that are the wolfpeople and the molepeople, their bodies and lives, which have been piled up since times of yore, were being utilized, and if that supply were to be severed, the curse would disappear naturally.]

Eugard: [And in those days, ‘twas none other than mineself who had passed the decree. If a request cometh from mine mouth to the Emperor of the current age, matters shall be settled with no harm befalling the honor of Mine Star and the child of mine own children.]

Saying that, Eugard turned a tender gaze towards Yorna, who was hugging his arm.

In that moment, Subaru understood that deep within the eyes of the King of Thorns’s invariant expression, there were smoldering sentiments of shame and remorse that had spanned many years.

“Iris and the King of Thorns”―― within the tale recited in this world since times of old, he did not know just what sort of drama had occurred between him and her.

However, supposing it had ended in tragedy, this was its after story.

Subaru: [In that case, I think it’s good so long as you at least have an epilogue with a nice aftertaste.]

Priscilla: [Then we are of differing opinions. There are plenty of superfluous acts that can be taken in the afterlife to make things redundant.]

Subaru: [You! Listen! Here! Alright…!]

Priscilla, who was supposed to be the daughter of one of the parties involved, despite it being a complex relationship, had attempted to stir up discord, so Subaru was about to scold her to read the mood. But, before he could do so, she continued with “But”,

Priscilla: [If it is the King of Thorns and mine Dear Mother, no such tactless acts shall be taken.]

Eugard: [――. As ever, thou bearest Terriola’s likeness. Dost thou not think so, O Star of Mine?]

Yorna: [Now that you mention it… it is no wonder I find her to be so lovely.]

Priscilla: [Do not conduct such speech akin to comparing mineself with those other than mineself. If it were not you and your husband, Dear Mother, I would not pardon it.]

Being told so bluntly by Priscilla, a smile formed on the lips of both Yorna and Eugard.

It was a strange relationship, and although this was not the case in reality, from the outside looking in, they seemed like an intimate mother, father, and daughter, so Subaru scratched his cheek with a somewhat awkward feeling.

At Subaru’s gesture, Yorna smiled, saying “It seems we have caused you tedium”,

Yorna: [I shall go now with His Excellency. Priscilla dear, you mustn’t bicker with the child.]

Priscilla: [I do not treat him as a child. To begin with, if this foolish commoner angers me, I shall simply lop his head off.]

Subaru: [Don’t say such scary things! Well then, Yorna-san, Eugard-san, until we meet again.]

As Yorna and Priscilla had an exchange befitting a mother and daughter, Subaru called out to Eugard. ――He had said “until we meet again”, but he felt like this would be the last time.

The other party certainly had thought likewise. The former Emperor looked directly at Subaru, and spoke.

Eugard: [Thou ought spend thy days of virtue together with those whom thou lovest. May good fortune and happiness be upon both thee and thy star.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Wow, to see Subaru and Priscilla together, It’s reaaally surprising.]

???: [It truly is, ain’t it. There’s plenty that we need to get done, so it’d be trouble if it rains tomorrow.]

At Anastasia who, after saying so, had turned to gaze out the window at the night sky, Priscilla snorted with a “Hmph”.

Having had the opportunity to talk to many people, they had stopped by the lounge for a glass of water, and had unexpectedly come across Emilia and Anastasia, who were seated at a table, facing each other.

Since their adventure to the Pleiades Watchtower, such a pairing could no longer be considered peculiar. Rather, it was much more surprising that Subaru was with Priscilla, as per the lines of Emilia’s surprise.

In any case, what was this pair with different roles, one the brains and the other the brawn, doing here?

Emilia: [Well, actually, Otto-kun scolded me, saying I shouldn’t work anymore today…]

Anastasia: [First of all, it ain’t all that good for us to be meddlin’ in the Empire’s post-war proceedin’s, now is it? So I thought, why not chat a tad before we rest… and whaddya know, Emilia-san’s been braggin’ ‘bout Natsuki-kun nonstop.]

Subaru: [Eh, talking about me? Emilia-tan has? Lemme hear, lemme hear.]

Hearing of some intriguing girl-talk, Subaru leaned forward. However, with Subaru’s collar having been grabbed from behind, he shrieked out with a “Gweh!”.

As expected, the one who had done so, quite capable of decapitating Subaru let alone strangling him, was Priscilla. She let go of Subaru’s collar, and glared at Emilia and Anastasia as if to rein them in,

Priscilla: [A half-devil and the she-fox, both fellow candidates in the Royal Selection, meeting face-to-face, and the topic of discussion is the exploits of a foolish commoner? Time is not to be spent so worthlessly. Even counting the stars would be marginally less objectionable.]

Emilia: [Ah, I get it. When I was alone in the forest, I would sometimes do that to pass the time…]

Anastasia: [As for me, I’ve spent long hours countin’ the money I’ve saved up.]

Subaru: [Hey, hey, it’s not good to let the topic of conversation veer off like that because of Priscilla’s thoughtless words.]

To say that one should be counting stars instead, was a rash comment on the level of telling them to just give up on everything and just go to sleep. Of course, if it were the stars, Subaru could spend countless hours searching for constellations, but that was beside the point.

As he tried to prevent that retort from rapidly spreading the conversation into the realm of the night sky, Emilia suddenly laughed with a “Hehe”.

Emilia: [Still, it feels reaaally strange doesn’t it. Me, Anastasia-san and Priscilla-san, we’re all candidates for the Kingdom’s Monarch, and yet all of us are in the Empire like so.]

Anastasia: [If only Natsuki-kun hadn’t been so careless as to be sent away from the Tower, none of this would’ve happened.]

Subaru: [That was beyond my control, besides, if I hadn’t been sent away, the Empire would likely have been destroyed.]

Although in no way did it make up for the event that started it all, considering the scale of the Great Disaster, those words were not far from the truth. It was not to say that he had enjoyed being sent away, but that it had served a purpose.

But then again, Priscilla would likely snicker and scoff at such a reasoning――,

Priscilla: [――Indeed that is so. Without you lot, the history of the Empire would have come to an end yesterday.]

Subaru: [Wah!] Emilia: [Huh?] Anastasia: [Oh?]

Priscilla: [No need to gasp like fools. It was but a statement of an obvious fact.]

That was all there was to it, was what Priscilla had said, but the fact that it was her who had said it, had surprised Subaru and the others.

At those unexpected words from Priscilla, Anastasia chuckled saying “What’s this now”,

Anastasia: [How darn surprisin’. Didn’t think ya’d be so upfront ‘n admit that we helped ya.]

Priscilla: [Do not misunderstand. In the first place, the Empire was Prisca Benedict’s homeland, and thus is no longer the homeland of mineself. The responsibility for the survival of the Empire rests upon the Emperor and the army that bows to him.]

Anastasia: [Had only just thought so, but there she is. Yep yep, if the Princess ain’t this way, she wouldn’t be a worthy rival.]

Emilia: [Geez, Priscilla is such a contrarian, so don’t tease her, Anastasia-san.]

Subaru: [Who even says contrarian these days…]

At that very Emilia-like assessment, Subaru chucked, with equal parts exasperation and admiration.

However, it was not as though he could not understand Emilia and Anastasia’s feelings. Previously, Priscilla had been such an entity unknown to Subaru, like an alien creature he could not fathom.

And although he had acknowledged her strength and insight, the nature of her humanity seemed like that of a carnivorous beast that could not be reasoned with.

That impression he held of Priscilla, he felt it had changed plenty, over these past few days in the Empire.

Subaru: [Right now, just like Emilia-tan and Anastasia-san, as well as Crusch-san and Felt, I can actually recognize Priscilla as a Royal Candidate.]

Priscilla: [For what reason would I be in need of your recognition? Watch your mouth, foolish commoner.]

Emilia: [There you go again with that harsh way of speaking… but, we also had briefly spoken about that. Right?]

Emilia had clasped her hands before her chest, and Anastasia, whom she had called out to, smiled softly.

Anastasia: [Y’know, that whole thin’ at Pristella? At the time, I hadn’t invited the Princess over ‘cause I felt there wasn’t a reason to, but…]

Emilia: [Then next time, let’s invite Priscilla too. Especially since she’s a Royal Candidate, like us.]

Priscilla: [Foolish commoner, it seems your master is unaware of what sort of event the Royal Selection even is.]

Subaru: [She’s cute, isn’t she? Behold, my angel.]

Although a vacation had not been the intention behind the meeting of the candidates in Pristella, from the way Emilia would see it, she must have felt bad about Priscilla seemingly having been excluded from the gathering.

That said, rather than a situation in which the Witch Cult went on a rampage, a vacation would be much better.

Subaru: [If it does come to that, let’s go someplace where we can have a swimsuit vacation next time.]

Anastasia: [Ain’t Natsuki-kun a straightforward child ‘bout his desires. Well, not like I ain’t gonna consider it. Of course, if the Princess says she’s fine with not bein’ invited, we ain’t gonna invite her, right?]

Emilia: [Priscilla… What do you think?]

Anastasia had been provocative, while Emilia had been timid like a small animal. As expected, at the invitation from the two beautiful girls who were also Royal Candidates, Priscilla shrugged her shoulders.

Priscilla: [Do as you please. If it shall amuse, then very well, if not, ‘tis poor. No reason in particular for mineself to refuse.]

Emilia: [――! Yes, let’s do that. We’re all in a difficult position, and we all have very many things that worry us but… I don’t see any reason why we all can’t get along.]

Anastasia: [Whenever Emilia-san’s involved, everythin’s all mellow, it’s a bit troublesome.]

Priscilla’s answer could not be taken as being enthusiastic, but the way Emilia had taken it, made it sound like she had been chomping at the bit, and Subaru nodded in agreement with Anastasia’s thoughts.

Priscilla as well, seemingly not bothering to correct her, looked up at the night sky――,

Priscilla: [――A lass from the slums and a Duchess, as well the she-fox of the City-States and an amethyst-eyed half-devil.]

Emilia: [――? Priscilla?]

Priscilla: [‘Tis no matter of significance. I merely had the thought that, when listed out like so, it sounds akin to characters starring in a poorly penned tale.]

Subaru: [That “poorly penned” was unnecessary. In the first place, I don’t think you’re in any position to talk.]

Priscilla, basking in the wind, held the position of a supposedly deceased Princess of the Empire. As for a title that could spice up the story, hers was more than flashy enough.

After responding in that way, fearing his words might have truly angered Priscilla, Subaru’s heart had lurched. However, that was a needless fear―― Nay, it was far from a needless fear.

Priscilla: [――No doubt about that.]

Saying so, Priscilla brought the tip of her fan to her lips and smiled.

Just like a girl in the midst of chatting with her friends, she smiled in a relaxed manner.

△▼△▼△▼△

Somehow losing the chance to part ways, Subaru continued to walk around with Priscilla through the Fortified City.

Subaru had worked far too hard during the current day, by his own admission, and the same could be said for Priscilla and the many others who continued to move energetically around the city.

Of course, most of them, like Subaru, were probably in too high spirits to sleep.

Subaru: [Don’t tell me that they’re all undead who don’t know what it means to be tired…]

???: [――What stupid things are you talking about?]

Subaru: [Woahoa!?]

In a daze, he looked out over the stone walkway to the cityscape below, where his comments were overheard by the people passing by.

Moreover, someone whom he did not want to overhear him―― glaring at Subaru, was Rem.

With a pail of water in her hands, Rem seemed to be one of the people who could not sleep either.

Subaru: [So, are you still assisting in treating the injured? I know you’re working hard, but working too hard isn’t good either. You should learn from Nee-sama, who takes a rest as soon as she gets tired.]

Rem: [I could say the same for you. No, rather, if you don’t have work to do, isn’t it your job to return to your room and quietly rest?]

Subaru: [What a shrewd argument…! I mean, it may not be a job, but there are things that I also have to do.]

In a whispered voice, Subaru answered Rem, pointing his fingers together in front of his chest. Rem’s pale-blue eyes turned stern at his attitude, and Subaru’s courage waned more and more.

Then, as if reaching out a helping hand to Subaru―― nay, simply to express her displeasure at the sight, Priscilla sighed,

Priscilla: [It is no great matter. As you can see, his arms and legs are slightly longer than what they were in the form of a child. Because of this, it is difficult for him to face those whom he was involved with as a child.]

Subaru: [It’s redundant for my legs to still be short after I got bigger! You’re right about both things, though!]

When Priscilla nonchalantly expressed those sentiments, Subaru bit his sleeve and sounded a “Gaa!”.

Subaru had an important task ahead of him―― to tell everyone in the Pleiades Battalion that he had returned to his original form, just as Priscilla had said.

Although Subaru’s comrades had been with him since his stay at Gladiator Island, he had never once confided to them that he had been in a shrunken form. In fact, he had never revealed the truth about being the illegitimate child of Abel, the Emperor, which meant that he had been lying all this time.

Subaru: [If I reveal it and everyone despises me, I’ll never recover… I’d rather Natsuki Schwartz to have died an honorable death in battle…!]

Rem: [If you tell a lie like that, I will despise you. Are you fine with being despised by me?]

Subaru: [I’d hate that as well. I wouldn’t be able to live if you hated me, Rem…!]

His heart battered with Rem at the front gate and his Battalion at the rear gate, Subaru whined. Rem sighed at the situation and suddenly noticed Priscilla’s gaze on her.

Priscilla, with arms crossed to emphasize her breasts, called out “Rem” to her,

Priscilla: [Your expression has changed during our time apart. The healing magic that had caused you such anguish seems to be of some use.]

Rem: [Yes, I have had many opportunities to practice what you told me, Priscilla-san… Also, thank you. That gentle fire that shared your strength with all of us after the star was shot down… that was something from Priscilla-san, right?]

Priscilla: [Hmm. What makes you believe that?]

Rem: [――. It’s intuition. Maybe it’s because of the time I spent with you, Priscilla-san, even if it was only for a short time.]

Pulling the water pail closer to her chest, Rem replied to Priscilla.

Despite her words, Rem’s smile was full of confidence, bringing a selfsame smile to Priscilla upon sighting it.

Priscilla: [Very well. It seems that your heart of diamond has been pierced. I deliver mine praise.]

Subaru: [Um, well, Rem, actually, when the city was in danger, that star thing, it was me and Beako who shot it down, what do you think about that? Well?]

Rem: [Hah?]

Subaru: [I’m sorry for butting in I apologize so please just praise Beako later.]

Wanting to be praised as much as Priscilla did, Rem gave him a scornful glare. Subaru was reluctant to back down, but Priscilla had a point.

Rem seemed to stand tall now, to the point that the expression “heart of diamond” was apt. He thought that her reunion with Ram, Petra, and everyone else, coupled with the presence of her friend Katya, had had a big part in that.

Subaru: [Besides that, you can tell me more about what you and Priscilla were doing while I was gone.]

Rem: […More or less, once everything is taken care of.]

Subaru: [Ah, in that case, I’ll help you treat the injured and anything else. You can let me carry that, too.]

It was not his intention to put off talking to everyone in the Battalion, but it would be unthinkable to leave the busy Rem alone, even if he were tired.

When Subaru offered, Rem said, “In that case”, and offered him the pail of water.

However――,

Rem: [――No. It’s fine after all.]

Subaru: [Huh!? D-did I do something to offend you!? Am I being too considerate, am I being unpleasant!?]

Rem: [It’s not quite that. Not that, but… it’s because, if you come with me, Priscilla-san will be alone.]

Subaru: [Nonono, in that case why don’t you let Priscilla help you treat the injured?]

Rem: [Are you sane?]

Subaru: [I know you’re exaggerating, but what I said wasn’t a statement of sanity!]

Subaru reflected on the unbelievable things he was seeing. However, it was strange that Rem had refused his help because of Priscilla.

In the first place, the fact that Subaru happened to be with Priscilla now was just by chance, not for any deep reason.

If Beatrice and Spica would have kept him company, his night would not have turned out like this.

Subaru: [But, Beako and Spica both got held up by experts in Spirit and Authority-related matters…]

Rem: [Then, in that case, I’ll stay with Priscilla-san――]

Priscilla: [Rem, there is no need for such idiotic consideration. I can manage to walk around with the likes of this foolish commoner.]

Subaru: [See, I know it’s weird to say this, but you’re the one who started dragging me around in the first place!]

He had been taken out to play the role of a jester, and thus ended up a certain clown exclaiming as such.

However, Rem ignored Subaru’s plea and stared directly at Priscilla. Rem was still searching for the words that were not formed even in her mind,

Rem: [I don’t want you to be alone, Priscilla-san.]

Priscilla: [――. So that was your answer that emerged after some time? You are a girl who does not understand.]

Rem: [But now, this pain in my chest, it doesn’t hurt anymore, thanks to you.]

Rem’s response was something that Subaru did not understand.

Perhaps it was part of an exchange between Rem and Priscilla that Subaru did not know about. Upon receiving it, Priscilla paused for a beat, gave a small snort, and,

Priscilla: [Strive well, Rem. O daughter of the Oni. ――For there are roles that only you can carry out, wishes that only you can grant, and a future that only you can achieve.]

Rem: [――. Priscilla-san?]

Priscilla: [Come, foolish commoner. Since Rem requested it, I shall take you with me especially.]

Subaru: [I’m not really satisfied with that, but, where to?]

Ignoring Subaru’s convenience with dignity, Priscilla indicated the outside of the corridor with her fan. It was not the view below that Subaru had seen, nor the starry night sky, but something in between―― the walls.

The city walls had all been damaged in the siege, though fortunately, they had retained their original form. However, they did not seem to be a place where anyone or anything was to be found.

Priscilla: [Rem, follow thy own heart. For although your heart may ripple, those ripples shall never be unseemly.]

Rem: [――Thank you.]

After indicating their destination, Rem and Priscilla once again spoke of something Subaru did not understand.

However, Rem’s calm expression gave Subaru no reason to dig any deeper.

△▼△▼△▼△

It appeared that people had finished clearing out, as there were not even any soldiers keeping watch atop the ramparts.

Taking into account that the battle against the Great Disaster had only recently reached its finale, as well as the fact that the undead had yet to be fully exterminated, the decision seemed to be more than a tiny bit incautious――,

???: [Then, it boils down to who in the world’s got the guts to go against the Princess’s orders.]

Greeting Subaru and Princess as such, Al sat atop the empty rampart, his legs crossed. Next to him was what appeared to be an expensive bottle of alcohol, and two glasses.

Subaru: [You got drunk to celebrate us winning the war?]

Al: [Don’t be stupid, no way I’d start without the Princess. That said, I didn’t think you’d be with her, bro. Ain’t that, like, a super rare pairing?]

Subaru: [Everyone we’ve come across’s been saying that, it’s been pretty darn embarrassing this whole time.]

Al had proclaimed himself to not be inebriated; however, the tone of his voice was lively. Rather than due to the alcohol’s effects, perhaps he was slightly intoxicated due to the afterglow of their victory.

As a matter of fact, while walking around town with Priscilla, Subaru had also felt that quite keenly.

Subaru: [It’s not just that everyone’s got something to do, but they also really don’t want to let this be just a dream.]

Al: [Quite the poet now, bro. But, I guess you don’t know. It’s more like, “O morning, please don’t arrive yet”.]

Everyone, rather than harboring the negative thought of going to sleep while holding the fear that their triumph would be naught but a dream upon waking up, probably held feelings more in line with wishing for the day of the victory that all of them had come together to seize to not come to an end.

As Subaru and Al shared in that sentimentality before daybreak, the backs of their heads were suddenly tapped by a folding fan. As both screamed out “Gyan!” in unison and turned around, they crossed gazes with Priscilla’s look of dumbfoundment.

Priscilla: [A clown and a commoner have gathered, discussing naught but foolish matters. More importantly… Al, have you procured what I sought in accordance with mine instructions?]

Al: [Oh? Oh yeah, you don’t gotta worry. I requested that old Prime Minister geezer to clear the guards from the wall, and got some alcohol from the pretty High Countess. This booze man, its price’d prolly make my eyeballs pop outta my head if I happened to see what it is.]

Subaru: [I get you. The label and antiquity of the bottle give a sense of its price. I don’t drink alcohol, though.]

Al: [I get you. The box it was kept in did a really good job. I also don’t really drink, though.]

As companions in their ignorance of alcohol, Subaru and Al amused themselves by pointing several things out. At their attitude, Priscilla shrugged her shoulders, and in their stead, took the bottle and removed the cork in a gesture she was accustomed to.

Then, she slowly poured the liquid, pregnant with the sweet scent of liquor, into the two glasses.

Priscilla: [There are only two glasses. You two ought to share a single one.]

Al: [Ah, I was sorta hoping for an indirect kiss with the Princess if possible, but pardon me I apologize I’ll shut up.]

Al backed down dejectedly, but Subaru, being someone who understood the feelings of wanting to make teasing remarks, did not blame him. In any case, as Priscilla placed her own glass to her lips, Subaru, who was to her side, hesitated for a moment, and then placed his lips to the glass he had been given.

Al: [Woah, underage drinking.]

Subaru: [It’s legal in this world… Ghehough gahgk !!]

The liquor flowed onto his tongue, and the instant on which the scent passed through his nostrils and throat, Subaru choked up. As Al burst out laughing “Bwahaha” at that, he too took the glass from Subaru and sipped the alcohol.

Using the hand holding the glass to lift the jaw of the helmet, he poured the liquor in through the gap, and then――,

Al: [ Ghehough gaheugh ghbleughhh !!]

Subaru: [Aren’t you choking up more than I did!? Pull yourself together, fully fledged of-age drinker!]

Priscilla: [You both are causing a racket. That defeated Witch ought to be bemoaning, you do not even know what fine liquor is.]

Subaru: [I’m getting some confusing feelings of guilt, please stop…]

There was no way Sphinx would ever say “Apology: Required” due to something like being unable to taste the high-grade alcohol of victory, but Subaru was disheartened due to feeling like she would.

In the end, as Subaru and Al shared their alcohol little-by-little, Priscilla finished emptying half of the bottle by herself. Specifically how strong it was was unknown, but for someone who had drunk that much alcohol, and alcohol that did feel quite strong at that, Priscilla’s face was as if it was nothing at all.

Al: [The Princess being a heavy drinker; right in line with her image , ain’t it?]

To the somewhat prideful Al, Subaru did not respond that such was exactly the case. And, once the glass that Subaru and Al had been responsible for was emptied, Priscilla, as if deciding that this was the time to do something,

Priscilla: [Dawn is nigh. I am a tad amused. ――Al, accompany mineself.]

Al: [ Kehough … Huh? Accompany you, what do you… Uoh!]

Declaring so, Priscilla put aside the half-emptied bottle of alcohol onto the handrail, took Al’s hand to help him stand up, and beckoned him to the middle of the wall’s top.

Pulling the perplexed Al towards herself, she smiled at Subaru, who was gazing in wonder at what was happening,

Priscilla: [Natsuki Subaru, sing.]

Subaru: [That’s way too unreasonable of a request!]

Priscilla: [Your tongue ought to have been moistened by such high-quality liquor. Well, I shall just tell Rem in case you are of no use.]

Subaru: [Grrrr, damn coward…! Fine!]

Finding himself in a development against his will, Subaru folded his arms, and constructed a set list within his mind. As he did so, Al stared deeply into Priscilla’s eyes,

Al: [Princess, I’m lacking one arm, y’know?]

Priscilla: [So what of it. You have two legs and loyalty pledged to mineself. ――Let us begin.]

It was not as though that had been the signal, yet Priscilla’s words overlapped with the first bar of melody.

Subaru: [――――]

What Subaru had chosen was not a hit song hailing from his original world, but one rooted in this other world, a tune that also happened to be a favorite of Subaru’s.

The Sword Demon Love Song was a bit too long, and he would probably start crying while singing it.

So, the song Subaru had chosen was――,

Subaru: [――The Sky Overtaking the Morning Glow.]

Slowly, the night over the Vollachian Empire would come to a close, and, pushing aside a yesterday speckled with stars, a new today boisterously dawned near.

As a song that blessed that phenomenon, this was an absolute favorite of favorites among the tunes Subaru had heard in this world.

Subaru: [Fu.]

Devoid of any instrumentation, the only thing producing sound was Subaru’s a cappella singing.

When compared with the bard Liliana, who made music her livelihood, he fell well short. Yet that which served as the greatest praise towards Subaru as he sang, was Priscilla’s response of dance.

Priscilla: [There, dance your heart out, Al! Do not bore mineself!]

Al: [Ehhh, shit! Now I’m in trouble! Bro! Turn up the beat !]

――While listening to Subaru’s singing voice, Priscilla and Al danced all around the rampart.

Priscilla’s dance was gorgeous; though she would likely become incensed were Subaru to say it, her dance was selfsame to the one performed by Abel back in Guaral with the purpose of seducing Zikr. Al’s awkward moves somewhat appeared to be those of a dance one would see at a lantern festival. Though lacking skill, it was fun to watch him. [1]

More than anything, it was clear that both Priscilla and Al, that master and servant both, were enjoying themselves.

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru was supposed to have been doing this reluctantly, but before he realized, he was singing with a smile on his face.

The Sky Overtaking the Morning Glow―― a song that sang about an inevitable dawn, a blessing upon a world born anew after being scorched by its brilliance, a song that was, in a sense, quite fitting for Vollachia, a nation ruled by flame.

And, Priscilla, who lived like a flame, was a woman most alike Vollachia.

Priscilla: [――――]

Ignorant as to how to end the song, he ended up repeating it, repeating twice, thrice even. As he sang, the dance between the two began to flow smoothly, and he lost the cue to bring it to its conclusion once more. Thus it repeated.

As they were all enjoying themselves in that manner, the real morning sun began to softly illuminate the rampart.

He had some alcohol in his system, and today―― no, yesterday, he had worked far too hard. Definitely, once he did go to sleep today, he would be incapable of waking up.

Amidst the gleaming dazzle of the morning sun, Priscilla looked awfully bright as she danced with Al――.

Al: [――Princess?]

A sudden, an oh so sudden utterance came from Al.

Subaru: [――――]

Just priorly, the utterance would have been permeated with the high spirits he held no pretensions of hiding, with the yearning he held no capability of hiding. Now enlaced with a different timbre, Subaru’s singing came to an abrupt halt.

Then, Subaru blinked; many times, many times he rubbed his eyes.

And despite him rubbing his eyes――,

Priscilla: [――Albeit not on the level of that songstress, Liliana Masquerade, it was not a poor performance.]

Indeed, settled in Al’s chest while being embraced by him from behind, Priscilla voiced her praise.

――With the morning sun shining through Priscilla’s body, she was faintly fading away.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [――――]

Aghast atop the ramparts of the Fortified City, enshrouded in the morning mist, Subaru gazed at Priscilla.

A blood-red dress, orange hair that reflected the rays of the sun, crimson eyes akin to flame―― all were things that composed the existence of Priscilla Barielle, none of those had changed, and yet.

Subaru: [ Phri… ssilla …?]

Priscilla: [You too ought to know this already. In order to show me the Empire’s ruin, mine enemy, Sphinx, had imprisoned me within an alternate plane. In order to exit from therein, there was naught a choice but to reduce it to cinders.]

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Priscilla was clever. Therefore, going off of nothing but Subaru’s trembling voice, she had understood what Subaru had been thinking, what Subaru had wanted to ask, and thus presented an answer to Subaru’s query.

With that clear and concise response of hers, Subaru understood. He had ended up understanding.

Subaru: [――――]

She was the same as Eugard Vollachia, the Emperor of yore who had been accompanied by Yorna.

In exchange for her own life, Priscilla Barielle had returned from that alternate dimension.

The reason why her figure was pierced by the light of the morning sun, becoming misty as it faded away, ephemerally so, was as clear as day.

――The Priscilla Barielle present here, was already nothing more than an undead.

Al: [What… what sort of idiotic bullshit are you on about!!?]

With Subaru unable to say anything, standing stock still in a daze, Al was the one to shout in his stead.

Embracing Priscilla from behind, his voice trembling to an extent that it was clear that his face was contorting within his helmet, he tightly, tightly held onto her with his single right arm.

So as to not relinquish Priscilla, being killed by the slow, unhalted rise of the morning sun.

Al: [No, no, you’re wrong, Princess, this sorta thing… B-BRO!!]

Subaru: [――! Right. Right, you’re wrong, you’re mistaken. Just wait, Priscilla, I’ll…]

At Al’s quavering appeal, Subaru suddenly lifted his head and shifted his gaze towards the banister.

The Great Disaster having come to a close, he had ended up spitting out the package of poison which he had kept behind his molar. So if he were to choose a method to redo things immediately, jumping off of the rampart would be the fastest――,

Priscilla: [Cease.]

Subaru: [Why would I cease!? I have no reason to do that! This sort of thing, for me…!]

Priscilla: [――Cease, Natsuki Subaru.]

Just as he was about to jump over the railing, throwing himself over the edge, Subaru was held back by a voice. But, paying no heed to that, Subaru had fully settled his mind to proceed, to challenge the Great Disaster once more.

And despite that――,

Priscilla: [The Authorities held by yourself and Al may possess the power to warp even the laws of fate. But, you ought to remember this. Regardless of what use you make of your powers and prayers, there are some who desire that things remain unchanged.]

Subaru: [What… What, the hell do you think you’re saying? This… this isn’t the time for that! Right now I need to――]

Priscilla: [Natsuki Subaru.]

As Subaru grit his teeth, the nails of his hands upon the railing chipped off, blood streaming down.

He ought to just ignore everything and anything that Priscilla was saying, and jump. Indeed, having expended his life time and time again against the Great Disaster, as one who had seized victory for the Empire, Subaru’s heart was screaming.

But, perhaps he ought to be strong enough to brush that outcry to the wayside, and listen to what Priscilla had to say.

As Subaru arrested all movement due to the clash within him, his cold logic at odds with his emotions, Al screamed out with a “Bro!”. Holding onto Priscilla as to absolutely never let go, trembling like a child throwing a tantrum,

Al: [Bro! Please… Please!! Don’t listen to anything! You don’t need to listen to her! Do it! Save the Princess… SAVE PRISCILLA!!]

Priscilla: [Aldebaran.]

Al: [――Hk, stop, stop it, Priscilla! I ain’t gonna listen!]

Shrieking in sorrow, Al was called to by Priscilla as he implored Subaru, the former shaking his head in denial.

As she softly caressed his neck, Priscilla called Al by a name that Subaru was familiar with; however, this was his first time hearing it being used in regards to Al.

Being embraced tightly from behind, caressing the neck of the man behind her, it held the impression akin to that of a painting―― as something so fleeting that it would not remain a reality for long, a painting was the exact impression it gave.

Priscilla: [The two of you have saved the Empire. Of course, there were others who also fought valiantly. Yet, there exists not a single other person who has expended anything on the realm you two have. I bestow mine praise upon that.]

Thus, with a smile so beautiful as to reach unpleasantness, Priscilla continued.

Subaru’s appeals, Al’s screams, neither of them had been able to stop Priscilla’s gently recited words.

Those crimson lips, as if burning away the impressions of Priscilla that had persisted in him until now, as if to sear in that she had always been that way from the start, scorched their hearts with a flame known as convenient, rapturous beauty.

Priscilla: [The both of you have arrived at this junction by doing so many a time, this I know. Never placing yourselves above others, you have lived till today. Hence, it may be that neither of you has ever received due recompense. I shall thus bestow that upon you.]

Saying that, within Priscilla’s crimson eyes, opened anew, Subaru was reflected.

Then――,

Priscilla: [――It was a great service, Natsuki Subaru. Thou art a true Knight.]

That instant he was granted that comment, strength vanished from Subaru’s knees.

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Falling to his knees, Subaru could no longer stand back up. His lips trembled all over, his mind was thrown into a disorderly state of chaos with all kinds of emotions, his understanding could not catch up.

That notwithstanding, the reason as to which strength departed his knees, was because it had been made certain to him. ――His soul, had understood.

Natsuki Subaru could not save Priscilla Barielle.

Priscilla: [Aldebaran, thou as well…]

Al: [I told you to stop! I won’t fucking back down! There’s no way I can back down! Because… because that’s how it should be, right!? If… if I back down, you’ll… Princess, you’ll…!]

Averting his gaze from Subaru, the latter having fallen to his knees, Al yet clung onto Priscilla. No longer was he turning to Subaru for help; rather, strenuously, he bellowed for her fate to be altered.

Yet, his voice gradually was bereft of its vigor, the sound of him weakly sniveling many times resounding. Gazing upon Al, unable to resume his words any further, Priscilla smiled. Akin to a loving mother.

Ironically enough, that smile was very much like Yorna’s, ergo serving as proof of their relationship as mother and daughter. Then, as if soothing her own weeping child, Priscilla spoke,

Priscilla: [Well, what am I to do about the likes of a grown man bawling at me like a child?]

Al: [――Hk.]

Priscilla: [Ha ha ha, there there, I can hear it, thy crying, groveling voice saying thou want mineself to be thy bride.]

Al: […Mhm.]

At the laughing Priscilla’s sentence, in a hoarse voice Al replied, and nodded. As he did, embracing Priscilla’s frame even more tightly, as to not let go of that which already was difficult to let go of, he confessed.

That was, undoubtedly, that was――,

Al: [Mhm, please be mine, Princess. My… Princess…]

That was, regardless of what was said by anybody else, a confession of love indisputable.

With all of the affection packed into his body, the man conveyed his love in its entirety to the woman within his arm. Receiving that, Priscilla’s crimson eyes flickered,

Priscilla: [――Look at that, it is mine victory again.] [2]

Having made him declare it, the nature of Priscilla’s smile altered, morphing into that which was habitual.

This was Priscilla Barielle; a triumphant expression brimming with confidence and pride, the lack of any hesitation to declare all things in this world as her own, a beauty who painted the very picture of arrogance.

Her radiance scorching the eyes of all, the Sun Princess whose presence could not help but make itself known to others――.

Priscilla: [You had best remember this, you who have decided to carry “heroic reveries” upon your backs, possessing the means to defy predetermined fate.]

Priscilla: [From here on, you shall bear the wounds of many, share in their pain, sniveling tears in their stead. However, many of those you are to happen across shan’t be virtuous. They shan’t even be upright. ――Nor shall they be perfect.]

Priscilla: [There shall be days upon which you shan’t be able to accept yourselves, in regret of your own actions. There shall be nights upon which you shall bend at the knee, in lament for your own decisions. There shall be mornings upon which you shan’t be able to raise your visage, in opposition to your own wishes.]

Priscilla: [The unloveable sides to those you love, the loveable sides to those you cannot love, many a time shall you witness those, and end up treading the selfsame missteps. ――And on those occasions, do remember.]

Priscilla: [That you both were praised by the perfect woman known as mineself, known as Priscilla Barielle.]

――As Priscilla voiced thus, neither Subaru nor Al could take their eyes off of her.

Atop the ramparts where none else were present, both presented as the most important individuals in the battle against the Great Disaster, they could not avert their eyes from the woman who smiled without a trace of regret as she grew ever more misty.

Since they could not avert their eyes, they witnessed it true. The sight of Priscilla’s existence dissolving into light.

And, at the terminus――,

Priscilla: [The world is truly so beautiful. Henceforth―― the world is made for mine convenience.]

No falsehood in those words, the figure of the woman who was loved by the world, and returned said love to the world to an even greater degree, faded.

Extolled as the Sun Princess, having lived her life in a manner becoming of a flame, was Priscilla Barielle. ――Amongst the candidates for the Kingdom of Lugunica’s Royal Selection to decide the next Monarch, she was the first to drop out.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Author’s Note:

After going on for a long time, the Empire Part is thus completed.

Once the aftermath is dealt with in the Vollachian Empire, the story will return to the Kingdom of Lugunica.

Natsuki Subaru, and everyone else, will now go on to face a new conflict―― leaving behind the woman who passed on in that land.

I had always wanted to write about her.

To that extent, she truly was a person as radiant as a flame.

Thank you for everything until now, Priscilla.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

In the Light Novel version of Volume 38, there is an extra chapter following this one, that has yet to appear in the Web Novel version. You may read this by clicking the link below: Prologue: Aldebaran

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Translation Notes:

[1] – Bon Odori (盆踊り), meaning simply “Bon dance”, is a style of dancing performed during Obon (lantern festival).

[2] – The line here, “――そら見よ、また妾の勝ちじゃ”, is similar to the line spoken in Emilia’s third trial. However, it is not the exact same line as “ほら、見よ。また、妾の勝ちじゃ”. The version used in this chapter has a slightly more playful and less arrogant nuance. To align with this, we have slightly altered the translation of the line in accordance. For reference, the one present in Arc 4 is “Witness. It is mine victory, again.”.
